I know I am in love because I see you every way I turn--no matter what I am doing. I know I want to be with you, not just with you, but share everything with you, too. Just being close to you is not enough for me. I want to be a part of you; A part of your life forever. I never have to wonder if you love me. You complete me--my heart and my soul.
You're my best friend, my lover, and my soul mate. You have been there and supported me like no one else has before. I'm lost without you. I love you more than life itself. There are no words I can say to truly tell you how much I really love you. I couldn't picture myself without you in my life. You are perfect for me in every possible way, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
You give me reason to strive for more of everything. I learn more and more from you every day. My heart is forever yours. I know saying, "I love you" is powerful, yet I feel it's not enough. My life was a wreck before now. I never thought it would change, but you came into my life and everything took a turn for the best. You show me the value of life. You give me the most amazing feelings inside. It feels great to actually love and be loved in return. We have been friends for over three years now, and I know we have only been dating for a short time now, but I know our love will last a lifetime. I can't wait until I am your wife. I love you with all my heart. I am yours forever.
I love you so very much sweetheart. You are the love of my life. I have a hard time explaining how I feel. I have never felt anything like this before. You are always there for me no matter what. I do not know what I would've done this week without your love and support. You are the most loving, caring, compassionate and absolutely most awesome guy that I have ever met. My last boyfriend holds a special place in my heart, but you have gone way above and beyond him.
I never thought that was possible. I want to marry you now; I want to be your wife. I want a baby with you; that is the most awesome experience, nothing compares to that. You are a wonderful father to our kids, but you deserve more. Thank you for always being there, for the flowers--they are beautiful, for your kind words, hugs, kisses, and the unconditional love. You are a dream come true and I want to spend the rest of my life with you as your wife, lover, and best friend. I have never in my life been so very happy. I feel much loved, beautiful and very happy.
I'm so very proud of you. You are a very strong person. It is really cool that we are strong for each other in different ways. We totally understand each other and feel for each other. When you hurt, I hurt. When you are happy, I'm happy. I just love you so much sweetheart and I never want to lose you. I give you my heart, my love and my life for now and forever. I love you.
Every time I see you smile or laugh or just acting goofy, it makes me proud to be your husband, and it always makes my day so much fun! Also, when you are with the kids, I see that they are proud of their mom because she is so much fun, so smart, and so loving! When I put all of this together, the best of life is with you, and the kids and I are so glad that you belong to us! We love you very much!
I don't know where I should start! Let me start by saying, I love you. I have loved you for as long as I can remember. I guess the first time I told you was when I realized how much you meant to me. We have known each other for years now. Once we got together, I couldn't believe how good things were going. It was too good to be true. It was perfect in the beginning. I loved you, and you loved me. I felt like that's the way it should still be.
I didn't want you to leave. Honestly, I didn't. If I could go back, I'd beg you to stay by my side. To know you'd be miles away was breaking my heart, but I wanted you to be happy. I wanted you to make a good future for yourself, for us. Now that I think about it, how could I have let you go? What was I thinking then? Look what has happened.
I know we've been through tough times. And because of that I think we have become stronger than we know. We have lasted a good while together, too. I'm so incredibly sorry for everything that I did wrong. I wish you could just tell me, and I would change it all. You know, though, neither one of us were innocent when it came to hurting each other.
When I said I would marry you, I meant it. I wanted to live my entire life loving you. We could have grown old together. I know you wanted that. It would have been great. But what happened to us? Where did we go wrong? Wasn't our love untouchable? Wasn't it strong? I sit and think, and the only thing that best explains it is that we needed to be together physically. Having you in one state and me in another was unbearable. Although I really wanted to be with you, I also had school and my life here. If I could go back, I'd probably leave with you when I had the chance. Would things be better now, or is this the way it was supposed to be?
All I know is we may not be together for a long time or maybe not ever again. But I want you to know that you are someone I will never ever forget. I loved you, and still love you, and will always love you, no matter what. We've been through a lot. But that love is still there. I hope you find happiness. I hope all your dreams come true. You deserve a lot.
I feel very lucky to have had the chance to experience the love we once had. It's something I will forever cherish. Please don't forget it. I know things aren't the best now, but at least we still have our friendship. That's where it all started. I just ask for one thing: be happy, and know that I'm happy too. I will always think about you--and us.
I am so glad to be loved by someone as special as you are. I thought for a long time that nobody could ever make me happy and win my hardened heart until I met you. You've really changed my life and I thank God I am loved and cherished by someone like you. You brought a sweet love into my life.
I love you so much. You mean more than anything in this world to me. I thank God I found you, and I will do my best to keep your sweet love in my life.
I never expected to meet a man like you. You are so amazing and unique. I admire your voracious appetite for life, your strength and courage, your intelligence, your take charge, the-world-be-damned attitude. I admire your adventurous and energetic spirit.
I think of you as a pioneer of sorts--enthusiastic, confident, dynamic, and quick-witted. Of course, at times, your immense energy makes you seem aggressive and restless, headstrong and quick-tempered, but I love these qualities, too, because I know that your love for life and your love for me are what drive you.
In the end, I love all that which is essential to your nature. I love the warrior within you, and there is no one else on earth I would rather be with, or who I would rather give myself to, or who can make me as happy or as content with life as you do!
I want to thank you for all the support you've shown me. Thank you for giving me the courage to fight for our love. After all the pain, sacrifices, and hardships that we've been through, it's all worth it because of the outcome. I want to thank you for your trust, for understanding all my tantrums and, of course, for loving me and accepting who I really am. Thank you for the patience, because I know that sometimes I'm stubborn and childish. You know I can't imagine my life without you. For the past eight months, you've really left a mark on my life. You taught me how to fight for something that is truly worthwhile. You taught me how to trust myself and, for all that, I love you so much!
At first, I was worried about our differences. I was worried we had come from places too far apart, and that our families would not accept our bond. But I was wrong to have these fears. Our connection is stronger than anything. Our love is so very great.
I guess I never thought I would find someone like you, someone who hears every word in my heart, and someone who makes me laugh and brings me strength. Across time and space, across cultures and borders, and against all odds, we've come together, and I am indescribably thankful! We have been given a gift, and we must treasure it always. Let's love each other forever. Let's stay together forever.
Re: In Spite of the Odds
When I think of all the billions of people on earth and then realize that you and I met in spite of the odds, it makes me humble and grateful. We are so happy together and devoted to one another, and I pray this continues. I promise you I will do all that I can to keep on making our relationship a happy success!
Let's promise one another we'll keep on being true, honest, and caring. I promise you, here and now, as you promised me, so long ago, that I will always love you.
On this day, I promise my undying love to you, in sickness and in health, my continuous effort to make it work, and that all my love is yours and only yours. I hope and pray that this fairytale you have made my life stays and that we're good friends to the very, very end in our minds, bodies, and spirits. I love you with all my heart and soul. I love you far, far beyond my control and I always will, because what we share is more beautiful than the colors of any rainbow and they will never fade in days or only appear in rain. I love the feeling of happy tears rolling down my face. I love the taste of you when I kiss you, because it's an everyday sweetness, it's meek and it's willing. You've made my ending a new beginning. There are no other words in the dictionary to describe the very scary commentary that I am sharing. I will love you, Baby, throughout this life and beyond.
My love, you have this power over me, this indescribable, undeniable, unmistakable power. You consume my mind. You are always invading my thoughts. You are the ruler of my dream world. You bring a smile to my face, a sparkle to my eyes, and a tear to my cheek.
Your voice is like a sweet song I heard for the first time. You take my breath away with the simplest words your lips utter. You make me feel weightless, as though I could float up and touch the heavens above. You make me look at life through new eyes, eyes that have never seen the light of day until now. I feel as though I am using all my senses for the first time and, suddenly, everything I once knew is now unfamiliar to me. You fill every cell in my being with joy, love, and happiness. You make me want to stand up and scream at the top of my lungs, "I love you, more than words can say." You make my heart soar, like a bird in flight. But most of all, you are you, and I love you.
It is this intense power you have over me that gives me strength and hope, and gives my life new meaning. You are my sun, my moon, my evening star, my light, my life, my love. You are my destiny. You are the only one, the man that I love. As I write this love letter to you, I find the words come naturally to me. It's as if this pen is an extension of my heart, and my heart is guiding it across the paper. Every letter, every word, every stroke is meant to be because we are soul mates, and our love was meant to be.
Here's to a man I thought I'd never know! The one who stole my heart so innocently, but with care and grace, and perfect love. My perfect thought is just being together forever. The sweetest word I say is your name. And the greatest thing to imagine is your love. Every silent prayer that has left my mind, all the empty words that have chased my lips and left my mouth, and all the lonely tears that have escaped my eyes have made me who I am, one who just loves you more.
All the guys who just wanted my body, all the pieces of myself I've given away, all the things I had wished I had done, and all the things I wished I hadn't done just helps me love you with purity and certainty. Those times we start to fight makes me feel like we're gambling our very souls. I hope we never lose. I love you so much; those five words can't have any more meaning than anything else I say ever possibly could. I love you with all that I am--all my achievements as well as all my faults. I love you for all that you are, too. I hope in the quiet of the night when I call out your name, you will know it and hear my voice whispering how much I love you.
I have been making so many mistakes in our relationship. I have misunderstood your words so many times, but you have always forgiven me. You always give me another chance to show that my love for you is real, and I can never fully thank you for your kindness and compassion.
You have shown me the one true way of living! You have shown me that we only move through life once and that we always need to cherish our time with each other. I feel privileged to have you in my life and I hope we always stay together. When I say that I love you, I mean it with all of my being. When I say that I love you, I smile with joy!
Thank you for loving me and caring so much for me! Knowing that you are always there for me, and that you'll always be there for me is more important than I can express. Even when I mess up, even when I hurt you mistakenly and say something stupid, you always forgive me with such patience and compassion that you help me grow stronger and better. Somehow, you even end up loving me more! You're a wonderful person, and you're the most amazing partner I could imagine. I love you so much! Thank you for just being you.
It's hard to express how much you mean to me, but consider this: no matter what I am doing, you are in my thoughts. It's not a choice I really have. I simply love you and think of you all the time. Whether moving through chores at home, working at the office, eating a meal, or just walking around--no matter what, you are always with me. No matter what I am doing, I think of the strength of our love, the way we hold each other, and the way you whisper in my ear. I know, from the bottom of my heart, that we are meant to be together forever. I love you so very much!
To put it simply, you are the greatest thing that has ever happened to me. You keep me going through all the ups and downs of life. You are my best friend, someone who truly listens to me, someone who knows me almost better than I know myself! You are my perfect lover, the perfect match for my body and my soul. With you by my side, the world is open and wonderful. We can make anything happen together!
Many things in life may be uncertain, but I want you to know that whatever happens, in whatever direction our lives unfold, I will always be there for you. I will always cherish you and support you. I will always want to be with you and, always, I will love you.
You have stood by my side through everything now. You have guided me through dark moments and have shared my hopes and secrets. You have nurtured me back to health when I have been ill. You have done for me what no one else has done before and I love you so much for it.
You and I know that many things change over time. Places change, ideas change, and some people even change. My love for you, however, never will. From now until the end of our lives, I will be yours and yours alone. I will be your best friend, your lover, and your husband. I will always stand by your side--and never change!
In my daydreams, I see the way you look at me with complete understanding and with the warmth that takes my breath away. Then I wonder if I dreamt all of those wonderful moments we have shared. Have I dreamt all the words we uttered to describe how we feel toward one another?
The incredible love that I feel for you makes my head spin and my heart responds with strong emotions. There is a strong feeling that this dream will never end. But am I dreaming? I close my eyes and I see you as you were when we last said goodbye. Then the phone rings and it is you. Your words reassure me that I am not dreaming. I am grateful, and I will love you always.
Well, here we are 10 years later and I am as devoted to you as I was on the day we were married. I still miss you when you leave for the day, and I can't wait for you to return every night. You are my love, my life, and the strength that guides me through all the rough times. Remember that I am here for you, too, forever and for always.
I promise to keep you in loving arms for the rest of our lives.
I promise to love, honor, and cherish you until the end of time.
I promise to be here for you, whenever you need me.
I promise to be your soul mate as we grow old together.
I will be your faithful spouse for all eternity.
I give you my heart and soul for all eternity.
I love you just for being you, for your humor, and for your kindness. You are the only person who has ever made me feel this way, and my heart is yours forever.
I promise that I will always love you, no matter what. Although you might think that I don't, I do. I have so much respect for you. You were the one that was there for me when I needed someone, and I appreciate that. I really want to be with you and no one else. Why? Because I feel in my heart that you are the only one for me in this world. No one else can fill your shoes, and it has been proven. Whenever you are ready, I am here for you, my love.
I feel incredibly fortunate to have you in my life. Please don't mind if I appear to be arrogant in talking about our love, and please don't mind if I appear to gloat about our love. Don't mind if I appear to be absent-mindedly smiling all the time--I'm only thinking about you.
It's true: over this first year together, we have been through a lot of ups and downs. Like most couples, we had our share of good and bad--arguments, temporary breakups, heated discussions, and passion. We've been through it all.
What is unique about our relationship is that we go through each difficulty, each complexity, and always come out of it loving each other all the more. I know I can be a total jerk sometimes. I know I can be almost impossible to live with. But one thing is very clear to me: I love you more than words can express.
Let's celebrate our first year together. Let's celebrate the many more years to come. Let's celebrate our love.
Happy Anniversary!
Our belated anniversary comes with my humble commitment to serve you for life. To give you the joy of a relationship that lets you be yourself, because I know and identify with the human being in you. Sure, I don't claim to understand everything that you care about, but I will always strive to listen with my heart and reach out for the emotionally complex being in you, to understand how best my life can serve yours and support you, fulfilling the purpose for which your life is meant. On this year's anniversary and beyond, it is with my life and with the life that we hope to create together that I say I love you. By seeking your hand to build a family and to pass on the gift of life to our children, I am saying I love you, not only in this life and beyond, but for all eternity. I wish you a blissful anniversary and many more to a selfless lady with so much integrity and grace, worthy of the true gift of love. I love you, and I always will.
A few years ago, I had totally given up on love. I thought that nobody was out there for me. I thought that the ache in my heart would forever go unfulfilled. I even began to think that love itself might be an illusion. But then you entered my life and, suddenly, love was real. It was a fact, and it was everywhere. After only a short time, my heart finally felt whole, and I knew you were the cause. You were the answer I had been looking for deep inside. I knew, without a doubt, that you were the only one for me.
Thank you for entering my life. You have brought me such joy. I will love you for the rest of my days!
First of all, I would like to say I love you with all my heart! I will never forget the first day that we met. I remember each and every detail. Meeting you has been an answer to my prayers. I will always love you. My heart belongs to you and ONLY you. I never want you to forget that. I didn't think it was possible to fall in love with someone so fast, but knowing you has totally proved me wrong. I am truly happy to be with you. You are everything to me and I will do anything for you. I will never leave your side and, when you have to leave me, I will be right here waiting for you to come back.
Each and every kiss feels like the first one, and my love for you grows stronger as the days go by. I love you with all my heart and soul, and I always will. Baby, I love you!
I am writing this letter because I can't bear the pain in my heart when you are so far away from me. Although I can't see you or hear your voice, writing these words and expressing these feelings somehow helps, and it somehow connects us across the time and space of our separation.
I still remember the day when I first kissed you. A tear rolled down your cheek, and you said, "Don't ever leave me." On that day, I swore that I'd be there for you, and be forever by your side. I swore that I'd forever love you and be yours and yours alone.
My conviction is as strong today as it was then, and it will remain so through my last breath. For the energy that you bring into my life, for the joy and passion, for the kindness and affection, I will be forever grateful. Whether I am young or old, or I am sick or healthy, you are more important to me than anything. All of my love is yours.
Although we are apart, I want you to know that I still feel you with me. When I look out my window and see the stars in the sky, or when I watch birds land in a tree, I feel you with me. Though you may be far away, these same stars, this same sky, and these same birds--they are all part of your world as well. Across time and space, through air and water, we will share it all.
I can't deny, though, that I miss you terribly. I miss your kiss and your embrace. I miss making love to you or falling asleep in your arms, but this period apart will pass. We must only remain patient and remember the depth of our connection and love. Soon enough, we will hold each other again, and we will build a life together.
Just when I thought my heart was turning cold, and I thought the questions of longing inside me would never be answered, you joined my life and everything changed. You woke me up to the wonders around me and made me see that love is real, and that with love everything is a blessing.
I can never fully thank you for the joy you bring to me. I want you to know that even if my commitments separate us sometimes, even if we are worlds apart, I will trust you with my heart. Although there are few guarantees in this life, I will love and cherish you with my last breath--that much I promise you. My love for you is true. No matter what happens, my love for you will always remain.
I think about you every second of every day and cannot wait to see you. We should never be apart this long again! Even if we have to change our lives completely, I am willing to do it so that we can always be together.
Life is no fun without you. Emails and phone calls are great, but there is nothing like holding you and seeing your face as we talk.
I hope we are never separated again.
Do you remember how we looked at each other across the room before we first met? Do you remember the silence between us, a silence that was thick with the yearning of our hearts? Even then, before the first words passed between us, and before you first kissed me and held me in your arms, I knew things were never going to be the same for me.
Since that day, every detail, every ray of sunshine, every passing thought--all is now filled with my love for you. You light up my world with your affection, your warmth, and your passion. You bring me joy and comfort with your humor and trust, as well as make me feel secure and loved with your strength and sincerity. I am so thankful to you. You are far better than a dream, and I love you!
Our life seems to be full of complexities. At times we laugh, at other times we shed tears. Once in a while we just stare at each other and, yeah, also fight. Nonetheless, despite all of our apparently inconsistent ideas, we manage to move forward and survive together. We might have caused each other pain that might not even fade with any word of apology. Nevertheless, I am confident that everything that we've gone through is merely part of a strong structure that heaven is building for us. I love you so much! To say this a million times is not enough to express how much I really do. I love you dearly and still will beyond the stars.
I hope today turns out to be a memorable day for you. If only I were with you now, I would help you celebrate. There are no words to express my feelings to you other than to wish you happy birthday, and to tell you that I love you. I thank God every day for making you a part of my life.
I wish you peace and special memories of our loving times together and, at the end of this day, a sense of complete happiness. Sweet dreams, my love, and happy birthday! I look forward to coming home again soon.
I need you to know that I have never encountered a wonder as marvelous as you are. In your presence, the most basic of sights and the most basic of activities radiates the full potential and beauty of this world. Such joy and clarity overcomes me when we're together and, although it has been only hours since our last meeting, already I feel we have been apart for ages. Every minute, every thought until our next encounter moves more slowly by than I can bear.
I am truly overcome with admiration for you and blinded with love. I wait, minute after minute, second after second, till I once again stand beside you and hold your hand, and so I can once again speak to you with more than words. Let us be together again soon.
I know at times I act crazy and do stupid things. I know at times I'm the one who gets things started. I also know that even when we are arguing or mad at each other, we still love each other. If they could ever hear us argue, some people would say that we are not going to make it because, well, we can get harsh, but they do not know us. Baby, nobody knows what I have had to do to get where I am. Nobody knows what you had to do to get where you are. Nobody knows us, except for us. Baby, nobody knows about the things in my past that I had to overcome to trust you. Nobody knows what you had to overcome. Nobody knows about how scared I was of you because of what one person did to me. So many people think that I am crazy for falling in love with you, but how can they judge someone that they do not know?
It mystifies me how so many people can try to tell me what I need when they do not even know me. It hurts that the people who are supposed to know me try to take my happiness away. You know about my past, you know that I have a hard time trusting, and you know that at times it is hard for me to put my feelings into words. I know that we have problems, but we always work them out.
Everyone sees you as the person that you used to appear to be, but you are far from it--and always were. You treated me better than people that are in my family. You brighten my life. You are my life. Every promise that you have made me, you have kept. You always know when something is wrong, and you always know what to do to cheer me up. You were there for me at the time that I needed you most. You were there when nobody else was. You were the bridge over troubled water, and you calmed me with your love.
Baby, I am writing this to tell you that I love you more than anything, and I would do anything to be with you for the rest of my life. Thank you for waiting for me--waiting for me to give my heart to you. Today, I want you to know that I am starting over--we are starting over. I want us to be happy. I know that even the so-called best couples have their problems, but I do not want our problems to hurt us in any way. I do not want my bridge to fall down. Baby, today I promise that I will do everything that I can to keep us together.
I can feel the butterflies now, just thinking about you, and I know smiles are on my face, too. I think you know the feeling, Babe. There have been hard times, and we've proven how strong our love is just by getting through them. Baby, this is something deeper than short-term feelings, it is extra special true love.
When I feel cold, the warmest place to go is into our world, filled with eye contact, kisses, deep conversation, hugs, and BUTTERFLIES! I think we're both pretty new to this and are still learning. We will grow stronger as long as we're always there for each other. I love you so much.
The day we first met, I remember that I didn't even want to speak to you. You tried so hard for me to like you. Finally, I realized that you were trying to get my attention. You weren't really my type, but once I got to know you more each day, I learned that love doesn't have a type. Love can go either way and, if you hide from love (like I hid from your love), eventually it will find you anyway, like yours found me. Sometimes love can change directions, or there might not be enough to go around fully. Even though we had some problems, I always loved you.
Do you remember when we first met? I do. So long ago, but it is still like yesterday to me. Well, I'm more in love with you now than ever. I love it when you come home on late nights and tuck me in, caress my forehead and tell me you love me while I'm still awake. The way you leave me little presents and love notes in my jacket pocket. This is what love is. Taking time to read the love poems I send to you and not laughing at them. You care about me. Thank you for still doing all these things after all these years. I love you. The most important thing isn't the gifts, the notes, or the candy. It's the fact that you spend time thinking about me and that's the real gift. Thank you for being you, my darling--c'est l'amour.
How do you say "thank you" to someone who has just given you a chance to experience something so wonderful that it is frightening?
How thankful I am that it was you, my love, with whom I shared so many cherished moments. "Thank you" seems so small in comparison to the size of the world you've shown me.
You will always be the one who took time out of his busy life to show me how much I have missed. I will be forever grateful to you.
I think this saying is so true, "Life is not measured by the breaths that we take, but by the moments that take our breath away." Those cherished moments took my breath away! I will always remember the one who took my breath away so easily.
Could you forget all the hurtful words that we've said to one other? I am hoping that you could forget the wrong paths that we seem to have moved into. Could you forget all the pain, all the tears, and all the silly accusations? Could you please forget all the foolishness of my fears that made me say such hurtful things? I hope you can forget and forgive all those ugly words that I said. I decided long ago that I would forget and forgive it all, too, if something like this happened. I certainly will, I just don't want to forget you. Can we get together and talk these things over? I will call soon to see if we can.
I know that I may seem to change my mind too often about some things, but I want you to always remember that I will never change my mind about you and my love for you. We have a good relationship, and I want it to stay on course and develop into an even better one. Other things may change around us, but I will always feel the same about you.
I will always be someone that you can count on, and I'll always be there for you, whether you are happy or sad. You can count on my love as a sure thing, and that will never change.
When we first met, you and I were both emerging from unhappy relationships, but we helped each through them. We confided in one another, we comforted one another, and we healed one another. We built strong trust and communication and, before long, we were deeply in love.
I fall deeper in love with you every day. I can't tell you how much you mean to me, or how much I love to just be with you. You make me smile and laugh out loud! You make me feel comfortable, confident, and protected. For the first time in my life, I feel whole and fully alive, and it's all because of you. I love you!
I'm sure you've noticed how much my love for you has grown, and how much I depend on you and ask for your help. It might all be a bit sudden, I know, but it's become crystal clear to me that there is nobody on this planet more perfect for me than you are. Nobody but you could give me this confidence and this deep sense of purpose and connection. Nobody but you could make me feel so beautiful and secure. With every bit of my heart, I love you and am thankful for you. Please stay with me and let me love you forever.
In this world of uncertainties, only one thing is certain beyond a doubt: you are all I need and all I want. You are the air moving through my lungs. You are the blood coursing through my veins. You are everything to me, and with you in my life, worries seem no longer possible.
Our time together has been such a blessing. I can never express my gratitude for the ways you have changed my life. I can never express my gratitude for your open arms, your comforting words, and your caring thoughts. I have fallen deeply for you, and I know there's no turning back. Until my last breath, I am yours. I will love you forever!
Before meeting you, I had never felt this kind of love before or this kind of passion and joy. Before meeting you, I never imagined I could feel happy all of the time, from morning until I begin dreaming at night. Now my world is changed and everything seems wonderful and bright. Because of you, everything now feels warm and secure. In your arms, I feel the whole world is open to me.
There are no words to properly thank you for all that you have done for me or to fully express my deepest feelings to you. I can only say, "thank you," and hope that in those two words you hear the sincere love and relief in my heart. I can only say, "I love you," and hope that you hear the longing and affection in my soul!
Although you and I have not been together for very long, I already feel so deeply in love with you. I already feel that we are building a life together and that our worlds are one. Honestly, I thought love like this was only in fiction, but you have proven me wrong.
I wish I could describe my love for you, but it would truly take forever. I love every single detail, every single moment that we are together. I could never describe it all, but I can say that you are the best thing that has ever happened to me. I can say that I love you with all my heart and soul, and that I am yours for life.
You don't realize how much you mean to me. Although we've been together for only a year, I feel as though I've known you my entire life. My connection to you is already so deep, and my love for you is already so strong that I can't imagine what my life was like before we met. Even more, I can't imagine my life without you now. I can't imagine the future without you, either.
You have saved my life several times already. You have even saved me from myself several times, too! I am so thankful for your guidance and care. Whenever I'm having a bad day, I know that I can just give you a call. I know I can depend on you and, with your help, everything will turn out well.
I want you to know how I really feel. It's time for you know that I'm ready to move on farther, to build a life, to have your children, and to grow old together. You are my first and only true love. Don't ever forget how much I love you.
When we are together, I treasure every minute. When you speak tender words to me and say that you love me with all your heart, and that you will never leave me, I feel like the king of this world. I feel that anything is possible!
Together, I know that we will accomplish so much. I am entirely confident of that. We will move through our days together in joy and happiness. We will always have each other for support, for passion, for intimacy, for confidence, and for dignity. Our love will last from now through the end of our lives.
Most people see not what they want to in life, but what they expect to have and achieve. As for me, the moment that I met you, a war began. The war of Love vs. Denial. My objective after meeting you was to remain friends and only friends. Except one thing went terribly wrong--I knew that divine love had me under attack. I was lost, alone, and afraid; the thought of loving you scared me. I have seen through the battle and come out on top. I love more than I could ever love any human being. You are my man, my ray of sunlight after the rain, my piece of cake when sweets are craved, and my everlasting joy. I love you, because you put me under love's divine attack. This is one battle that I am glad to have lost and share the prize of never-ending love.
I love you with every part of my being. If I could marry your soul, I would. I dream of nobody else. Every day is a true struggle when I'm not with you. If I could conjure up all the power in the world to translate my love to every form of living--physical and spiritual--I would. You are everything to me, and I love you more than life itself. I love you truly!
I can't even begin to express how happy I am that you have come into my life. You are a gift from God! You are such an amazing man! Your kindness, your loving and sweet ways make my heart very happy. Your great sense of humor keeps me laughing and laughing, which is something I love and have needed for so long. We are such a great match. I love how we keep on spoiling each other. I look forward to many adventures, and much passion and pleasure with you--anything, anytime, anywhere.
I wish I knew the way you feel about me. I care so much about you, but I constantly question my feelings. I know that we have had our bad times, but you and I both know there is an important reason why God has brought us back together. We just need to figure that out together.
Most people, when they say they are in love, usually mean that they love the thought of one person, but I really love everything about you. I love your beautiful eyes and that little twinkle in them. I love the way you make me feel special. The point of this letter is to let you know how I feel and to say that I wish I knew how you feel about me. Do you care about me, and do you care enough to want to make our relationship last? I know I care about you.
You are truly the love of my life. I wish I could have told you myself, instead of someone else saying it for me. I wish you weren't afraid to take off your cool reserve and be the real you. I won't hurt you or make you sad. I'd never deliberately cause you any pain, because love doesn't want to cause pain, only joy. I hope you understand how your smile brightens my day. Even the thought of you makes my heart pump harder.
I wish that you were not afraid of a close relationship. Please don't think that you will be hurt again. I promise to never hurt you. If I do, I want you to tell me immediately, so that I can try to change things. If you promise to consider a close relationship, I promise to help you not to be afraid of it, because I love you.
Honey, you know with you by my side, my day seems happier and full of love. When I heard that you never felt so much in love, I just wanted to be with you, to hug and kiss you until we both ran out of breath. I must be the luckiest girl in the world because I have your love. Every time I think about you, I can't help but smile. You're the reason I smile all the time now. I love you, Honey. I heard that you cherish everything between you and me. That's really great. I never thought I would have such a lasting influence on you.
Thanks for your sweet and tender love. We need to write our own book of love! Please take care of yourself, and I will be yours, all yours--if you will be mine!
Every time I see you, I fall in love with you more and more. I love the way you smile, the way you see beauty in little things, even the way you occasionally get too excited as you analyze everything. I love the way you are passionate about your job, your friends, your family, and I love it when you are passionate about me. I know that we are meant to be together, and I feel like you are starting to realize this too. I know that we can be so happy together. I can see us as a married couple, a family of two that may grow to be three or more. If all these things do come about, I know that I will be falling in love with you even more.
Who would have thought five years ago we would be feeling like this now? My heart had been frozen for a long, long time, and then you melted it. I didn't intend to fall in love with you. I know we have complications and kinks to work out still, but I believe in you and I believe in us. I want you like I had never wanted anybody before I met you. I don't want to even imagine not having you in my life anymore. When we have to spend any days apart, I am in agony. I miss you, long for you, and count the minutes till we can be together again. I can't wait to be by your side every night, forever. Until I see you again, let me just say, I love you.
I was at a crossroads until I met you. I didn't know where my life was going, and I felt lost. For months and months I couldn't figure out the problem. For months and months, something felt missing in my life--something felt confused and out of place. When I met you, though, the answer appeared, and the jigsaw of my life finally came together.
Where before there was uncertainty, now there is calm. Where there was darkness and clouds, now there is light and the clear, open sky. Where there was fear and sadness, now there is hope and love. You brought all of this into my life. With your wonder and beauty, you opened my heart to the world. You brought me more fully to life, and I will forever love you for it.
I loved it when you said you could feel the Earth move when we were together. When I think of this whole big world and its billions of people, I wonder how we even found each other! I will be eternally grateful that I found you and that you found me. I think we are a perfect match!
How easy it would have been not to show any interest in one another when we first talked. Instead, we both chose to listen as we looked into each other's eyes, and I felt there was an immediate rapport. Didn't you, too? We understood that the person we were meeting would be different and unique. That realization was quick and very real.
Now we have a chance to expand our love. Finding each other was a miracle and keeping our love alive will be another part of that miracle. I promise to do all that I can to keep us together, and I know that you will, too.
I don't know how to express what I really feel for you right now. I just want to say I'm sorry for all the pains, sorry for all the heartaches, and I'm so sorry I fell in love with you so deeply. I never thought you'd be my sweetest angel.
The day I met you, I never thought that I would fall in love with you. I never did imagine that you'd conquer my heart. I don't want to lose you now. I can't deny the fact that I can't live without you. Please stay with me. I would be dying without you. Thank you for the love you have given me already. I know I'll always love you. Please be my sweetest angel forever. I love you so much.
Before we went out on that first date, I had doubts that you would be everything you portrayed yourself to be. I didn't think it was possible to find someone so perfect for me in so many ways. You have shown me that love can be true, pure, and genuine. I knew from the beginning that you were special and that it was only a matter of time before I fell helplessly in love with you. You make me so happy and fulfill me so completely. I thank God each and every day for bringing you into my life. When I look into your eyes, I see a future of endless possibilities and everlasting love. You are my forever.
It has been the most amazing five months of my life and I've experienced things I have never known before. We have come a very long way and stuck by each other's side through a lot of painful moments. You have shown me what it is like to love and be loved, and that's given me happiness. That's all I need to have the most amazing life I could ever have, and I have you to thank for it.
To be mature, you usually have to be an adult who has lived a certain number of years. But to be in love, you only have to be a human being with a heart. Parents shouldn't try to prevent their children from falling in love with someone because of their age or for some other reason. You can't really stop love from happening, and you can't put your feelings on hold because someone is telling you to. I love you, and I can't stop my feelings or wait until my mom thinks it is okay to love you. You are everything to me, and I can't give you up willingly. I don't think I can live if living is without you.
Honey, you are one of a kind and are the most amazing person I've ever known. You understand me and care about me more than anyone else has ever done before. You are so caring and wonderful. You are beautiful. We have a healthy relationship that is going to last a lifetime because you and I are willing to work out anything that needs to be worked out. We communicate and, even if sometimes it's hard to tell each other our feelings, we still understand each other by looking in each other's eyes. We have our love songs, too, and those lines that just seem to fit us like, "It's just a matter of trust." It plays over in my head every time I think of you or, "Sometimes all I need is the air that I breathe and to love you," whenever I hold you.
We are going to have an amazing family and an amazing life ahead of us. I know now that what we have is so very true because it feels so right. Those beautiful eyes glow whenever I look at you or our eyes meet, and my whole being feels electrified. I wrote this letter to you from the bottom of my heart--from my heart to yours. I love you and will forever.
Words cannot express the love song in my heart. You fill my days with magic, a magic I had thought impossible. Each morning, I awake beside you with renewed hope and happiness.
Not even in a lifetime could I truly express the depth of my love for you. Even the wide heavens above could not hold all the feelings in my heart--and every feeling is for you!
I have seen prayers answered before, but you are beyond the category of prayers. I am grateful that happy tears swell my eyes. I feel I am truly the most blessed man alive. You satisfy me, you fulfill me, and I want you to know that I will love you forever. I want a lifetime with you!
You are my king and my prince. You are my knight in shining armor. We have so much in common. I am so glad we like the same things--like eating out at Italian restaurants and watching romantic comedies. I can't believe you were ever shy, but I am glad you broke out of your shell after you met me.
I know you have been hurt in the past, and I will never hurt you like that--I promise you. I am yours as I hope you are mine, forever and always. I want to spend my life loving you. I want you to be the last man I ever kiss from this time forward. I hate that we ever broke up that one time, but I think it made us think about it and realize what we were losing. I cherish each and every day with you now. You are the first thing I think of in the morning and the last thing at night. I love to hear you laugh, see you smile, and just talk to you. You have a way about you. You are irresistible to me, and I don't know how anyone could be dumb enough to let you go. I know I never will again.
I didn't used to be romantic, but you taught me how to be. You have taught me so much, and I admire your wisdom. The thing I love most about you is how you can change my mood from sad to happy, just with a little conversation. I love going places with you like to our friends' weddings, the beach, and walking through the park. I am yours for as long as you want me.
My love, that's exactly what you are. Just want you to know that you mean the world to me and that without you I don't know where I'd be. The past two years have brought us pain and happiness but, most of all, they have brought us closer together. You are my heart, my best friend, and my one true love. I don't know what the future has in store for us, but I know that our love will be able to handle it all.
I love being with you, holding you, and looking into your eyes, just hoping you feel the same about me. I love you so much, words cannot fully express it. Every moment I spend with you is a moment I cherish. I grow deeper in love with you more and more every day, and I do not know what I would do without you now. I long for your hugs and kisses. Sometimes I like to think my love for you is like a great dream, because I don't ever want to wake up and lose that love.
I have found both love and friendship with you. We are not just lovers, we are also friends, and that is what makes our relationship so special because the greatest lovers don't always make the best of friends. When you feel that times can't get any worse, I will try my best to always make things better to make you happy, and I will be by your side whenever you need me. I hope I am and always will be in your heart and in your dreams forever. I love you.
A smile comes on my face whenever I think of you. When I see you smile at me in my dreams, I smile back, even when I'm asleep. I love you because you understand me for who I am. I remember the first time it was hard for me to say, "I love you," because I never thought that you could love me back, but then it turned out that we loved each other. Loving you is the greatest gift I have in life. Thank you for giving me your love and respect. I love you!
I just want to tell you how very much I love you, now and forever. You light up my life forever, Sweetheart. I thank God each and every day for our love for each other. I am so very thankful that God blessed me with a husband as wonderful as you are. I am looking forward to next September when we renew our wedding vows to one another. You have always been there for me no matter what the situation was. I love spending my life with you. All your passionate kisses and hugs mean everything to me and always will. Our love will always grow because we love one another so much. You mean everything to me and always will--now and forever.
The first time I heard you say the words, "I love you," it was like I had been taken to Cloud 9, and I haven't come down until now. Right after you uttered those words, I asked myself, "Do I love him?" As I looked for an answer, I asked again: "Have he given me any reason not to?" No, just more reasons to love you. I then realized that I had already fallen in love with you, and I am so in love with you still.
In the past, I had always yearned for someone to love, to cherish, and to take good care of--someone with whom I could share my dreams who would help make them come true. I had always walked around feeling an emptiness that I thought would never get filled, but you filled that hole. I think back to how empty my life was without you, and I am so grateful that you are here now. I have found in you what it means to love. I tell you a hundred times a day, every day, that I love you. Although you return these feelings and love me, too, I don't know if you understand the magnitude of what they mean to me. You may not realize it, but when you do the slightest thing for me, it warms my heart. Each day I fall more in love with you. I love you more and more with each passing day. It eases me to know that, as tomorrow approaches, I will love you more than yesterday, and tomorrow I will love you more than I do today. You are really God's gift to me--His answer to my fervent prayer that I will forever cherish in my heart.
You are the most wonderful, kind, compassionate, romantic, smart, sensible, intelligent, talented, thoughtful, congenial, appreciative, loyal, loving, passionate, handsome man I have ever met, and I thank God every day that you are mine! I love you with my whole heart and soul, my whole being, and nothing in this world can take that away! I love you more than I could ever express in words. More than I can understand. You have touched my heart in ways no one could ever comprehend.
I hope today turns out to be the day I hoped it would be for us. Today, I'd like to give you this little glass that holds the unrelenting memories of my past that shackles my being. I just have to give this to you and I have to do this for myself, for you, and for us. Today, I give my life to you--my heart, my mind, my body, and my soul. I belong to you now.
This may start sounding like a romantic poem. I don't know. I just want to let you know that you are my heart and my soul mate, and that I love you with everything I have and hold. Now, when I look towards the future, I always see you there. Maybe, in this lifetime, you will never know how much I love and cherish you. Your love gives me the feeling that the best is still ahead. I can't wait to spend forever with you.
Happy Birthday, Honey! I love you so!
I thought your kiss would be a whisper, but instead it filled me with a deep passion. I thought your touch would cool my skin, but it only awakened burning fires. I thought the joining of our bodies would bring a release, but it only created an insatiable craving.
Your presence is an intoxicating elixir. Your eyes are enticing, inviting. What is it about you that draws me closer? What is the secret that makes you irresistible? Why can't I have enough of you?
You create awareness in me. You make me whole. There are no consequences when I yield to your touch. I have no regrets. I only have the gift of my love to give to you. You are my heart.
"Forever" is a hard word to understand. It encompasses all time. It extends beyond what we can possibly know. It extends beyond our own existence. It is, therefore, the only word I can use to describe my love for you, which exceeds anything I can possibly comprehend or describe. You have brought such happiness into my life and have brought me such bliss and affection.
I will forever love you. As I sleep, as I work, as I walk, as I breathe, you will always be in my thoughts. You will always be in my heart. You are a gift I will be grateful for every moment of the rest of my life. I thank God for bringing us together. Remember, I am yours forever.
Have you ever been caught in that one moment, that moment when, for the first time, the melody of life's sweet song is played in perfect harmony with your desires? As the chords play on, and as your mind moves with the notes, your body melts into the warmth of your emotions. Immersed in that moment, all that remains are a sea of crimson butterflies, their wings fluttering rhythmically to the beating of your heart. Just then, you wish you could capture that moment in time, for that moment creates a beauty as unique and wondrous as a yellow rose in a garden of violets. You wish that moment to be more than just a moment. More than anything, you wish it to be forever!
With you, this moment is my every moment. When we kiss, or sleep, or talk--every hour that we are apart, I am lost--lost in this moment with you.
There have been so many delightful moments in our relationship, and so many special memories are etched in my mind forever. Of course, like all couples, we have had some rough times, some disagreements and obstacles, but the good has far outweighed the bad, and even the hard times have brought us closer together.
Of course, it's possible that something could separate us and that we may not always be able to stay together. However, I want you to know that I shall always remember you as the partner who taught me the true meaning of life. I will always remember you with gratitude and deep affection. You mean so much to me now and will forever.
True love begins as a friendship, but then quickly catches fire. It develops into mutual understanding, sharing, and forgiving. It proves to be loyal through both good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and allows for human weaknesses.
True love is content with the present, hopes for the future, and doesn't brood over the past. It's the day-in and day-out chronicle of irritations, problems, compromises, little disappointments, big victories, and mutual efforts toward common goals. If you have true love, it makes up for so many things you lack, but if you don't have it, whatever else you have is just not enough.
When we met all those years ago, I soon knew you were the only one for me. Of all the people in this world, now you're the only one I run to for counsel and advice. I whisper your name when I wake up and hope I can see you every day before I dream of you every night. I know the love we enjoy is true love, so I know I will love you for the rest of my life.
I don't know if I tell you this often enough, but I want to start off by telling you how madly, truly, and deeply I am in love with you. I love you so very much, with all my heart and soul, and will, forever and always! You bring so much happiness into my life and have brought so much love into my heart! It is truly a blessing that I found you. I want you to know that with every moment, my love for you grows stronger and deeper.
Honey, I never knew I could be this happy. It is the greatest feeling in the world to be this happy and content, and I have found it all with you. No one else has ever made me feel the way you make me feel. Your caress, your kiss, your touch, your words, your understanding ways--everything about you means the world to me and none of this could ever be replaced.
Sometimes I feel like I start to bother you, but we seem to overcome all our problems, and we are still together. We have had good times and bad times, but the good ones surely make up for the bad ones. That is what is most important. I pray we will always be together. You are my best friend, my lover, my soul mate, and I will love you forever and ever! I promise you that, and I want you to be my partner for life. Let's have some really good times now and enjoy each and every moment we have together. I love you.
When you came into my life, I wasn't sure how to react. I was so drawn to you and yet so wrapped up in my own narrow vision still that I almost lost you. Thank you for not giving up on me and for having the faith to keep trying to save our relationship. I have never loved anyone as much I love you--so completely, so unconditionally, like never before. When I told you that I would love you forever, I meant it. I will love you always!
There are no words to express the gratitude I feel now that we have fallen in love. You are my life, my heart, my soul. You are my best friend. You are my one true love. The day we met must have been fate because you are my destiny now. I love you more today than I did yesterday, and I will love you more tomorrow than I do today. Loving you is the only thing that makes my life worth living now. I am forever yours.
There are no words to express how I feel about you. I constantly search for the right words, but they all seem to be less than what I truly feel. You are my life, my heart, and my soul. You are my best friend. You are my one true love. I still remember the day we first met. I knew that you were the one I was meant to be with forever. As the years went by, and we drifted apart, I still held onto the memory of you. I thought of you every day, and dreamed of you every night. Just when I thought you had forgotten me, you called and made all my dreams come true again. The sound of your voice on the phone was the sweetest sound I ever heard. That day you called and told me we might have a chance to make it all right again, my heart started beating within my chest, my hand shook holding the receiver, and I could barely breathe. When you came out to see me, and I knew it was meant to be-those were the sweetest days, those memories of the past. It all went by so quickly. I wanted it to last.
The day you left, I thought I would die. Then you called again, and I heard your voice on the line. I had to be near you, to hold you again. I needed to show you that you were the best. So I made the decision to tell you how I felt. When you said you felt the same, I felt it was a dream. I packed my stuff and changed my life forever. I never looked back because now you will make me your wife. I am on a cloud, living in a dream, and a few days from now, it will really feel real. I wrote this letter for you to keep and, when you need a reminder of how we felt on those happy days, it will remind you. I've said it before and I'll say it again, words cannot really express how you make me feel. I make this promise to you, my dear: I will always love you the way I did in the beginning. I now look to the future and forget the past, hoping that your love will always be mine and that we can make it last. I love you more today than I did yesterday, and I'll love you more tomorrow more than I do today. With all my heart, I am forever yours.
Ever since you came into my life with this heavenly made gift called "love," I have noticed so many changes in my lonely world. You made me believe again that love comes to those who know and listen to the music of love.
You have touched my life in so many ways, like being here for me at a time when I thought all hope was lost. When I was deserted and thought that the world had come to an end, you stood by me through all the rough and difficult times. You made me understand that life is all about appreciation and understanding, but must be appreciated first before there can be understanding, and neither can exist without having experienced love first.
I want to make this promise to you, based on the love that you have shown me, and the things you have done to teach me again what hope means. I declare my love for you alone, no one but you, and that is from the bottom of my heart. I promise to be there for you, both in good and in bad times, because you are worth everything to me.
I pray the Lord will watch over us till the end of time.
Hope you're doing fine. You know what? I'm so thankful that I've met you because you've changed me a lot. I'm no longer afraid of having a relationship, and that's all because of you. You've shown me how to love and to be loved, and I will never forget each little thing that you have done for me.
I really love to see you smiling. Every time that I talk to you, and every time that I see you, you're always carrying those lovely smiles of yours on your face, and I can't hesitate to smile back.
All these years, I have been saving my feelings for you and, after all these years, no one even knew about it. It's hard for me to hide it, but I must! Now that I know that I am just your friend, I will always be just that. I came to the decision that I must forget wanting you and learn to be your friend.
I do hope that someday you can still think of me as a friend who once loved you and respected you. Always remember that I will still be here for you, as your friend. Although I would rather be your one true love, I am content to be your friend. I do hope that you've found real happiness in your life, but if not, I'm still here, waiting for you. I will always love you.
I never thought you would be back. It never occurred to me that I would even see you again. But there you were, talking and laughing to me and being comfortable, as if nothing had happened two years ago. Why in the world have we even met again?
I don't want to ask for anything more than this. I just want this to last, even if it will result in just being friends. Just being in touch with you again, without promises, is more than enough. Remaining friends is enough for me to feel certain that I will have a connection with you again. I will know what is happening in your life, and you will know what is happening in mine. We are enjoying a good relationship again, and that is all that I need right now.
With thirty years almost upon us, I have to tell you about my feelings. I have loved you for all time, and even before. I shall feel the kiss, the embrace, the way I see your face, the winds and the storms and the seasons change. I shall see your thoughts showing on the passing waves of your heart's feelings. With each passing year, I shall love thee with all I am. I love you, Darling. Happy anniversary!
I am so thankful I met you and that we are together now. I have loved you from the first time I heard you speak and from the first time you looked into my eyes. Right now we are having some problems with our relationship, but I know that together we will be strong and will overcome everything and everybody that tries to get in our way. Over the last few months, I kept falling in love with you more and more with each passing day. Thank you for teaching me to be strong and to be a better person. I hope we last forever and have a family someday, because you are the person I want to share my whole life with.
When I first talked to you on the phone, I knew you were someone special. Now, whenever I am not with you, I miss you so much. Every second of my life, I know I have found someone special. I will always be grateful for your sweetness, and I'm happy now just to have you in my life.
Let's continue as we are and stay true to one another. That first phone call was not the last, and we are getting to know one another better through long talks and long walks.
I love you because I have never been loved by anyone the way you love me. I feel like a complete woman now. I love your patient manner, your generous nature, and your warm embrace--particularly the way you hold me when we fall asleep. When you hold me, I feel that nothing can harm me. I love your genuine kindness, your eyes, and your lips. I love your sense of self-worth, your calming nature, your social ability, your variety of talents, your smooth back and strong arms. For some reason, though, you have become distant lately, but I hope the strength of our relationship will reunite us soon. I miss you terribly and feel incomplete without you. Please come back soon. I love you.
You have given me your love, your heart, and your soul. I want to give you my life, my strength, and my spirit. Lean on me, and I will be your shelter from life's troubles. Should you ever feel sad, come to me, and I will help you smile. Should you ever feel anger, bring it to me, and I will help you find the brighter side of what happened. If you should feel lost or afraid, come to me, and let me lead you home to my heart again. From this night forward, I will love you with all that I am or ever can be, for without you I am nothing.
You are the breadth of my universe. You are the sun and the light that guides me through the darkest of times. You are my hope when all seems lost, and you are everything I could ever dream of. You are my heart, my soul, and my spirit. You are all these things, and I am devoted to you and always will be. I love you and give you my all.
Since you have welcomed me into your life, I have never known such unconditional love. You are truly a gift from God and I give thanks every day that you are a part of my life. You have made my life complete.
There was a time that I used to cry and tell my friends that I would die alone if I ever lost you! What a terrible thought, but it is true. I had no idea what God had in mind for me. I can never express how I feel with words. When we make love I really think we are cementing our love. It is truly the most intimate way I know to express my love. Mere words are not nearly enough. Actions, in this case, speak volumes. I will love you with all my heart, mind, soul, and body--forever and a day.
You've shown me what real love is; like I have never known before, but only dreamed of knowing. My dream of all dreams has finally come true. I guess it's true. Good things do come to those who wait!
Now that our relationship is getting serious, I want to tell you that I feel blessed just to know you and to be in your life. When I think about us planning our life together, I believe that God has given me a wonderful gift! I don't say I deserve it, but I do say that I am happy to plan our future together.
My heart is yours, so take care of it and tread lightly. I wish I could be with you now as you face so many struggles, but know that I am there in spirit and am praying for everything to work out for you. No matter where this life will take us, together or not, know that you will always be in my heart and be "my one and only."
We've spent so many memorable times together this year. Our love for each other grows each day. I don't know if I told you this already, but I really love everything about you. The way you hold me, the way we walk hand-in-hand, the way you lean your head upon my shoulder--every little thing you do makes me love you even more. I'm just so glad that I found someone like you; someone who's always there to make me happy, to make me smile, to brighten up my day. I feel that you're really the only one that I want to be with forever. I just want to share more happy memories with you. You know that I will love you forever and, whenever you need me, I'll always be there for you because I truly love you.
I once read in a book that good memories are like jewels. Each memory is essentially unique, and each one is collected one by one. Eventually, you look back and discover that you've formed a vibrant, colorful, and priceless piece of jewelry.
We are working on that piece of jewelry. Already, we have created so many breathtaking memories together, memories that we will always treasure. When we are watching our children grow, when they experience their first love, and when we grow old together, we will always have these memories of our love. We will always be able to think back on them and smile at all the joys we've shared together.
Thank you for the memories we have had and for the memories we will yet create. Thank you for being there for me, loving me, and helping to build a new life with me.
I will love you always.
As the old year ends and the new year begins, take all that I have to offer to you and hold it dear to you. Keep my heart safe, as I will keep your heart safe. From now until this new year ends, we will know that our hearts are joined. You are mine, and I am yours. Together we are one, and I will love you forever. Happy New Year!
I am crazy about you. I am head over heels crazy about you! After such a short time, we have grown so close and intimate. The intensity of my feelings makes it hard for me to even remember what my life was like before I met you.
So here I am, heart and soul, confessing to you how I feel. I have never in my life met someone like you before--someone so kind and strong and brave! I have never in my life with anyone felt so warm and complete. You are clearly the match for my soul. No matter what happens, you have changed my life, and I will be forever yours. From now until my last breath, I will always be there for you. I will always love you.
After almost 41 years of marriage, I miss you as if we were newlyweds. I love you and can't wait till these three weeks apart will be over. I think of the passionate love-making awaiting both of us when I return. It will be like a second honeymoon to embrace you and make passionate love to you once again.
I love you, I need you, and I want you as if I had just fallen in love with you for the first time. Absence does in fact make the heart grow fonder.
It truly seems like I've known you forever, and I really can't imagine life without you anymore. There will be no looking back, no second thoughts, and no regrets. I love you and only you, and my love grows stronger every day. We know that life can hit us with events that take us totally by surprise. I want you to know that your capacity for love, caring, and understanding has taken me by surprise, and it still never ceases to amaze me! I've truly been blessed to find you, and now I will never let you go!
Words can become a burden, when it is you that I am trying to express my love to. You see, it is a very deep, heart-felt love! One that only the right words can do justice to.
You lighten my day regardless of what the day may be. If it is raining, the very thought of you turns the raindrops into drops of love that saturates my very soul with the assurance that I will never have to be without your love again.
Am I dreaming? Is it real? These are the questions that I asked myself when I awaken from the experience of your love for me. Then I realize that it is real. You do love me and I do love you! What joy! That is something that I never had before, and when it is threatened, my body goes through spasms or something. I experience pains like I never thought possible. The fact is, I love you with a heart-felt love that is beyond verbal expression. For you give me joy.
When I touch your hands it becomes an experience that can only be compared with the ecstasy of love's climax. Kissing your lips takes me to places that people only experience in fantasies. What is it that you do to me? I'll tell you. You give me love, the kind of love that can't be bought or haphazardly found. It is the kind of love that can only just happen once in a lifetime with someone as unique as you are.
So, while I know that it would be beneath what I really and truly feel in my heart for you, just let me express my heart-felt love for you by merely saying, I love you.
The more I think of how and when you came into my life, the more I realize that I can give no one credit but God. You are truly heaven-sent. It was so pure, so natural, and so right. All the things I prayed for came into my life through you. Different things you said--and still say--are things that were in my heart that I've never said to anyone but God in my prayers.
You brought out the best in me. You've shown me what real love is and how to love. You treat me with such royalty, like a precious gem. You listen to me, and you believe in me. You always know what to say, when to say it, and how to say it at the right moment and at the right time.
The love you have for me and for our children builds up my faith that because of God's timing, we have become a happy family. I love you with an unconditional love. It will never stop.
I just want to let you know how much I love all that you are and all that you still can become. Without a doubt, you provide me with a stable force and, for the first time in my life, I have someone to believe in. You truly are my love, my soul mate, and my best friend. You've seen me at my worst and still take me as I am. I thank God for you every day because I know you are heaven sent; you are my guardian angel. The years will be a test, but nothing will keep me from loving you or from being by your side. I love you more than you know. You are my entire world.
I don't know why you love me. I don't deserve your love, kindness, and never-ending forgiveness. When I mess up, you take the blame for me. When I yell at you, and it's really something I did, you apologize. When life gets difficult and I don't think I can take it anymore, I just sit and cry, but you tell me it's going to be okay. When I think my problems are hopeless, you instill in me hope in tomorrow.
I don't know why you put up with me, but I thank you for everything you do for me. I love you more than you know, and more than I could show you or express in words. I don't think I could live without you now. Although things are getting harder, you give me the strength and assurance that one day we will always be together.
I trust you with all my heart, and believe everything you tell me. I'm sorry for all the miserable things I throw your way, assuming so many things, jumping to conclusions without thinking clearly. I'm sorry I just start taking my pain out on you. You treat me better than I could hope for, and I'm so grateful that you're mine. God sent you to me because He knew I needed your strength and support. You're wonderful; you're everything to me. I'll love you forever.
It has been a long time since we met, don't you think? I can't believe how long I loved you and still contained my love!
Your beautiful eyes and the sweet smile you gave me melted my heart away. I wish I could have given your smooth cheeks a kiss as soon as I met you. Now, whenever I see your face, my knees go weak, my heart throbs when I feel you near me. Your body is perfection, but it wouldn't matter to me anyway.
I loved the way you looked at me yesterday. Thank you for the smile you gave me. My mouth dropped open, but I would have stuttered if I had tried to speak. I couldn't say anything; I just stared at your natural beauty. I wish I could have had the courage to do so because you're the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I have been praying to find someone like you for several years now, and I hope I'll be able to talk to you soon. I just don't have the courage right now.
I hope we could go out together one day, and I could pour out my feelings to you. Even if you don't love me, I'll always wait for you and hope. No matter what, you are in my heart, no matter what happens. I hope that some day I'll be able to hold you in my arms and tell you that I love you. I will always love you--and that's a promise!
I can remember our first moments together as though they were just yesterday. I can remember the words you spoke and the tender tone of your voice. I can even remember the way your eyes looked at me so lovingly. In those moments, I felt released into a world of hope and possibility, and I knew we were right for each other.
The months since that meeting have been the richest and most rewarding of my life. You have impacted my world in every way imaginable, and all I think about now is how great our future could be and how many beautiful moments we could have together. I wish I could find words to express my many feelings for you. In the end, though, I just want you to know that I need you and love you so much. I just hope you feel the same.
The love I feel for you is stronger than I could ever describe. You are a miracle to me--every part of you feels like a miracle. Your eyes glow with your tenderness and attention. Your smile casts a spell. Your kisses intoxicate me and fill me with yearning. Your scent--there's nothing in the world quite as rich and inviting!
I love everything about you. With each new day, with each new word from your mouth, and with each new touch of your embrace, I fall further and further in love with you. There's no turning back for me. I am yours and yours alone--now and always.
I love you so much! You have been so great to me. Through thick and thin you were always there. It means a lot to me that you are my husband and the father of our beautiful little child. I couldn't have asked for better. You are beautiful, too, and you are beautiful in every single way. I know that I don't always say it, but I look forward to our lifetime together. It is and has been so great already. I love you, Baby. I don't know if you really understand how much!
Re: Just to Say I Love You
This is my way of trying to tell you how much I love you. I can't really find the words to explain the way I feel when I hear your voice or when I see your face. All I can say is that I like that feeling because it is a feeling of pure happiness!
So I write this just to tell you now that I love you and always will.
I have so much to tell you. I want you know that I love the way you treat me, the way you make me feel, the way you embrace me, and the way you talk to me. I love the way you look at me, the way you kiss me, the way you touch me, and the way you hold my hand.
I can't find words for it all, but I am so much in love with you. Whatever we do together, wherever we are, I feel your care and compassion. I adore your heart and soul.
I have to let you know, Baby--I love you.
You are everything to me. When I met you at your uncle's birthday party that special night, I had no idea that you would love me as much as I would love you. As soon as I laid eyes on you, I knew that I had made eye contact with one of heaven's angels.
When you invited me over to your place to watch a movie, I was frozen to the spot. Just to hear your voice made my heart melt. Your voice is the sweetest sound I ever heard. No other sound in this world could ever be so sweet. Your smile is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen--even more beautiful than a rose blooming or the sun setting over the mountains. When I hug you, I know that you care by the way your heart beats against mine.
When I am with you, the world and its troubles just fade away. When I have a bad day, I know you are there for me. I'll do anything to try to make you smile when you are having a bad day, too. I'll kiss your soft, sweet lips and look into those beautiful eyes and try to make them sparkle with happiness. I was about to give up all hope of finding love until I laid eyes on you.
I always thought love was just a word people say to talk discouraged souls into dating again. I was wrong, though, because without you I would not know love was real. I realize now that you are my reason for getting up in the morning. God must have put me on this earth just to be with you. And I thank Him every night for sending you to me. Without you I think I would be still be lying in a pile of my own troubles.
There is no mountain that reaches higher than my love for you. No river is deeper than the depth of my love. My love stretches farther than all the oceans in the world. It is the kind of love most people only dream about. All the money in the world or all the possessions in the world could never be more important to me than you are. You are my heart and soul. You are everything to me..
When I hear your voice, my heart skips a beat. Ever since we met, my heart beats more rapidly. Just for you to be mine and be with you is more than I could ask for. All my life I thought perfect love was only a dream but, now that I found you, I know it can be real.
I hope that we can be together forever because without you, I will be nothing. Before you, I never thought highly of myself. I need to have your love, just to be all that I can be. You hold the key to my heart and keep me involved in life. Without you I am nothing.
No one could ever mean as much to me as you do. I love you more than life itself; you are my everything.
Hey, Sweetie, I just wanted you to know that I am the luckiest woman in the world to be with you. I have never been as happy in my life as I am now when I'm with you. You mean the whole world to me, and I can't wait for the day when the whole world will know about the love I have for you. I want nothing more than to be a wonderful wife to you and the perfect mother to our children.
We met almost four years ago, and my life hasn't been the same since. You began as my friend, someone I could talk to, laugh with, someone who was always there for me, even when there were gaps because one of us had left for a while. Somewhere in the past 2 ' years, though, I fell in love with you and, ever since then, I've always been waiting here for you, but waiting for you to realize I am here, and that all you have to do is ask, and I'd be there with you. Instead, I sit back and watch you become unhappy because you are alone, all because the one you love now can't--or won't do--something to make you happy.
We've not talked for a long while now, so I'm afraid I've lost you and honestly don't know how I'm going to handle losing you. I cannot bear thinking of a life without you in it. I know there is going to come a time--and my heart is telling me it's now--that I'm going to have to say goodbye to you, but I cannot bring myself to do it. Since I've fallen in love with you, I've tried to get over how I feel about you, but I just can't. It always come back to hoping you will realize my love for you and fall in love with me too, if only you'd give us a chance. I love you and will always be here if you need me, just don't make me say goodbye.
I know that you probably don't feel much loved by me right now, but I want you to know that I do love you very much. You are my reason for everything. I look at you and I feel like a teenager in love for the first time. The way you talk, the way you walk, and the way you hold me makes my knees weak. I want you to know that no matter how many rough times we go through, that feeling is always there, and I will always wonder what I did to make you love me. Why would such a wonderful guy love me? I don't know, but I am so thankful and proud that you do.
It's been over a year now, and somehow we've made it! No matter what mistakes either one of us have made, you, at least, were determined to keep our love alive. I'll never be able to thank you enough for that. You are the reason I still live, love, and laugh! You mean everything to me.
Sometimes you ask me why I love you, but I don't answer. I know you must believe that it is because I really don't love you or because I can't think of a reason. No, it's just that when you ask me, I don't know where to start. The thought leaves me breathless. Our love means the world to me, and I do love you.
No one could ever realize how safe I feel in your arms or just when I'm around you. I know that you will always make me feel safe. When I am in your arms, I just melt away. When I hear your voice, then I know you are close by. If something threatens me, I know you will protect me. I feel so safe around you, and I have never felt like this before. I love you, and I want to be with you for the rest of my life.
Hey, my love! I never thought I'd be where I am today. Looking into your eyes is something I look forward to every day when I wake up. Just knowing you're in my life puts my mind at ease. I develop a smile upon my face every time I think of you. We've been best friends for a long time, but I feel that we've gotten closer. I love holding you in my arms, hearing your voice, seeing you laugh, and just being anywhere with you is incredible each and every time. I do believe we're soul mates, because even though I don't speak to you during the day, I still feel like you're nearby. You'll always be in my life and in my heart. I'll never stop loving you!
Before I met you, my life was such confusion and a maze. I felt alone and without a purpose, like a broken arrow sailing aimlessly through the air. I felt that the commotion and noise of the world would always overwhelm me, and that I was bound to struggle through life as through a series of obstacles.
But then you walked into my life and everything changed. You helped me find my way again. The world finally slowed down, the noise and commotion receded, and my heart began to beat stronger than ever before.
You are my light. You are my fortune. With you, each moment of each day is more precious than words can express. What we have together is more wonderful than anything I could have imagined.
When I count my blessings, I count you twice. I love you with all my heart and soul.
For so long, I felt that something was missing in my life. I felt incomplete, and I didn't understand what could fill that void within me. Now I understand, and now it's clear. You were the missing piece of the puzzle. You were the completion I was longing to find, and I am so happy to have found you.
You've become my lover and my best friend. You've become all that I could have wanted. I trust you, and I care about you. It brings me such comfort and joy to think of how much you love and trust me as well. Everything seems right when we're together. Everything makes sense. Thank you for changing my life!
Blessings, I count you twice. I love you with all my heart and soul.
I thank heaven I found you, because I know I would be lost without you. My love is true, and I am so thankful that I found you. I don't know why heaven sent you--perhaps to help, love, cherish, and guide me. Darling, you will always have my full attention and be the only person I will truly love. I hope you will always love me, too.
I need to let you know that I'm so in love with you, and you are a very special man to me. I am so thankful that you have come into my life. You've given me more in three months than anyone in my life has before, so please believe what I feel for you is real. You are a very understanding and patient man.
I know I have a hard time expressing myself to you. I'm sorry for the crazy things I say and for the way I behave sometimes. But all I ever ask of you is to keep loving me and continue being my man and, in return, I'll never stop loving you. I owe everything to you, because I would not know what it feels like to be loved if it wasn't for you. So, with everything I have inside me, I want you to know that I will be honest, loving, caring, and always true to you. I will never let you down. And I hope that you will be honest, faithful, and true. Let's never make one another blue.
I will love you forever, and I keep on believing that someday I will be able to love you even more as time goes by. I don't know what to say, because I have a lot. If you ever feel the same as I do, then I would be completely glad for the both of us. Nothing can change my love for you, and you will always be the love of my life--forever. I keep on believing.
I will always keep a special place for you in my heart. No matter where I go, I carry you with me. I'm just hoping that you feel the same way that I do. Please remember that I love you!
I can't believe it started over one little e-mail. Who would have ever thought I could have met my soul mate through the Internet--definitely not me! From the first time I saw you, I knew I was going to marry you. You make me feel so special, so loved. I have never known a love like this in all my life, and it's the only love I ever want to know. It's been six great months. You are my best friend and my only lover, Baby. You complete me. I will always love you, no matter what happens next!
I never thought that I would wake up one morning and realize that I had fallen in love. Every day I look at you and it makes me happier and happier to know that I can spend the rest of my life with you. I know I will never have to worry about losing you and know that you will never leave me. I know it every time I look in your eyes. I love you.
Hey, Baby Girl, I was just sitting here thinking about how much I love you. I love you so much that if I tried to really write how much I love you, I would be constantly writing for the rest of my life.
You bring out so much in me that I'm just beginning to see. It's like when we are together, the rest of the world disappears, and nothing else matters but us. I hope I feel this way forever. I want to spend the rest of my life loving you with everything I have to give. Sometimes I feel like I don't deserve someone as loving as you are. Do you know how long I have waited to have someone like you in my life?
It wasn't luck that brought us together. You are a blessing to me and I wouldn't trade the way I feel about you for anything in this world. You are the reason why I smile. You are the first thing on my mind when I wake up every morning, and you are the last thing I think about every night before I close my eyes, but our time together doesn't end there because you are the only thing I dream about. I really do want to spend the rest of my life with you if you will allow me to. Nothing is too much to give you. I feel that if you're not happy, then the world needs to stop until you are!
Baby, I just want to thank you for loving me like you do, and I am forever in your debt, just for you being good to me. You know, it is strange how I had to go through so many bad situations before you came into my life. I guess it really is true when they say good things come to those who wait because I've waited for someone like you all my life, and you really are the best thing that has ever happened to me.
I just want you to know that I love you so much, and I want to be with you till death do us part! I love you, Baby Girl!
I Will Keep Waiting For You
I sometimes wonder what you're doing, or whether you are thinking of me, like I'm thinking of you. I have been thinking of you for 20 years, since the day I was born, really.
You have been elusive to me in so many ways but, because none of my objects of infatuation turned out to be you, I feel as if life sometimes may have fooled me, yet I know you are out there. I mean, how could I have seen your face and still overlooked you? Or how could I have heard your voice utter words and not have found anyone that sounded like you? Are you in the stars every time I look up? Of course you are. You are the clouds in the skies, the songs the bird sing every morning. You are everywhere, really. I know you are real. I just constantly wonder why I have not found you yet.
Why haven't I been able to say all that I want, show you all that I am, and give you all I have now? Why is time making us wait so long? We don't know, because this is a factor beyond our control. I will always love you, Darling, and when we finally find each other, it will be God's greatest reward.
So, wherever you are, know that I love you and you will be the one that lurked passionately in my dreams. Know that I am always longing for you and your presence. Know that you will always be everything to me. Even though I have not yet met you yet, I love you, my spirit lover.
Too many days go by without my saying how incredibly fortunate I feel to be with you--but it's true. When we're together, my life takes on new meaning and new freshness. Each morning, each night, and each moment beside you contains all the beauty and vibrancy I could ever hope for.
Thank you for filling my days with love, and for making my toes squirm and my heart flutter. Thank you for always listening to me, for sharing your thoughts with me, for supporting me, and for giving me the chance to support you. Thank you for enriching every aspect of my life, and for continually inspiring me to do better and to be a better person.
I love you more than words can say.
When I try to describe your beauty, your smile, your kind heart, I find that my words only begin to scratch the surface of my love for you. You are too amazing, too much of a wonder for language to describe. When we are together, and with each gesture you make, and each word that you utter, I realize, more and more, how special and caring you are, and how lucky I am to be with you. When we are not together, the very thought of you brings me more fully to life.
Thank you for being there for me. Thank you for loving me and letting me love you. You are a blessing to me!
How can I express my feelings when those feelings take my breath away? How can I measure my love for you when that love compares to nothing else, and when that love exceeds all categories and all expectations? No words can express these realities. No words can express my love for you because you are indescribable, and my love for you is immeasurable.
Simply looking into your eyes sends me through a whirlwind of intense emotions. Just one brief smile from you fills my life with radiance and joy. Until the day I met you, I had never before felt so full of hope and passion. I want you to know, I am forever grateful to be with you. You have given me a heart full of love and days full of laughter, and I will give myself to you always.
Hello, my future spouse! You don't know how much I love you. You are the best friend anyone could ever ask for. Whenever I have a problem and need any comfort, you are always there for me. You are the one I want to spend the rest of my life with. You probably don't know just how much I appreciate, admire, trust, respect, and over-all love you. I know you are the only one for me.
Being away from you is so hard now. I want to be with you this moment, even as I write to you. When I think of this separation as a test, then I can deal with it. If this is what it takes to eventually be with you, then I can go through it.
I want to thank you for coming into my life. You took me by surprise. I didn't think that I could be so lucky as to find you, but now that I have, I don't ever want to let go. You have taught me the true meaning of love. You have brought me more love, joy, and happiness than anyone has ever shown me. I have so much joy in my life now, and I owe it all to you. I love you so much! You and I have shared so much together already, and we have been through so much already that you have become an essential part of my life. I couldn't ever let you go now.
I love you because you bring out the best in me. I love your terrific sense of humor. Every time I look at you, my heart skips a beat. You're the only one who holds the key to my heart. You always say what I need to hear. Love is just what you mean to me, and you mean everything. I doubt if either one of us thought we could have met someone on the Internet and fall in love the way we did, but it happened, and I have no regrets. In fact, it is the best thing that ever happened to me, and I am very grateful. Words could not express how much joy you have brought me.
I am writing this to you now to let you know I will never forget the day we crossed paths. Over and over I replay in my mind our online chat and then our first telephone conversation! You make me feel so happy and complete. If I hadn't met you, I know I'd still be searching for someone like you. Although I don't say it as often I should, I am telling you now that I want you, I need you, and I love you.
Thank you for all the beautiful e-mails you have sent me. You are my best friend, my lover, and my soul mate all in one. We have both gone through so much in our lives. We've both been hurt and have lost trust in others, but I'm glad you've given me another chance as I've given you one. I just ask you to love me as I am and not to hurt me. I want you to know that I won't hurt you.
From this moment on, we have each other and can enjoy being in each other's arms. When I say I love you, I truly mean it. Of all the people in this world, you're the only one I run to now. Your name was inscribed in my heart before I ever knew it belonged to you. From the moment we met all those years ago, I knew you were the one. I whisper your name every morning when I wake up and whenever I think of you. I am who I am now because of you, and without you I would start to fall apart. You have given me a new outlook on the world and, through the times when darkness covered it, you were always the light.
I want you to know how much I love you. We have been through so much these past few months, but our love has always come out on top. You mean so much to me, and I want so much to make you as happy as you make me. Each passing day has me falling more in love with you. You can do the slightest thing and it warms me. Most of the time you don't even realize it. You are always in my thoughts and in my heart. I never knew that love could be so wonderful until I met you. You have given me a new perspective on so many things. I will always treasure our love and keep it safe. I love you, Baby.
I don't know where to start to tell you all the incredible things my heart is feeling. I don't want my letter to say all the usual things someone will say when they're in love. I am just so happy to finally find someone who truly loves me, who really cares, and not just another person who comes into my life to play with my heart for a little while, and then leave. I want to thank you for being my friend. You mean everything to me. I want to tell you I love you, and I want to make you happy always. Thank you for giving me what no one has ever been able to give me before--you!
Remember those long nights on the phone when we were teenagers? I do. I will never forget how wonderful they all were. Now that we have been getting back to the "good old times," I can't help but remember things such as when you would play your guitar over the phone and sing to me.
Deep down I have always loved you, and I always will. Ever since I met you in the 6th Grade you have been a blessing. Now I just want to say that no matter what, I will always love you. You are my inspiration, my hope, my love, and I promise to always have a place for you in my heart. I love you.
I need not explain how we met, because you walked the exact same way toward me as I walked to find you. I need not tell you how much I love you, because we speak the same language. I need not explain to you the depths of our love, because you have sat with me in the center of its depths. I need not tell you about the freedom of what we say, because we are not chained by words. I need not tell you about the tenderness of touch, because we have both held each other's hands and felt butterflies in our hearts. I need not tell you about the magic of a whisper, because we have listened with our souls. No one needed to explain to us what darkness felt like, because we were lost in it before. No one needed to teach us how it felt to step into the light, because we both had to shut our eyes when the bright light of love surrounded us. I need not tell you about the power of peace, because we've been lovers in each other's worlds of sand, where colors speak with words. I need not tell you about the importance of a single second now, either, because we have tasted the sweetness of a heavenly moment and the bitterness of when it's not long enough. I need not tell you how hearts can break and how they are mended, because we mended each other's broken hearts when we first met.
I need not tell you about fear, because we have seen it move through us in many forms and through many layers. I need not tell you how it moves or how long it stays, because we don't always know. I need not tell you about longing, because we have heard its screams in the dead of the night. I need not tell you about stillness, because in the stillness we've known has been the deepest, most powerful silence. I need not tell you about power, because we know that power is not in strength, but in truth and in knowing, but most of all in loving. I need not tell you about our love because true love is what has grown from the inside and finally has shown in each other's eyes.
Nobody needs to tell us anything now, because we know everything! Love has filled our hearts with all there is to know and learn. All I pray is that time and life will bring you back to me--soon.
Words cannot describe what goes through my mind when I think of you! It boggles my mind how I can think of someone almost every single second, minute, and hour of every day!
You are truly amazing in every good way. There was a time when I just didn't think it was possible for me to love again the way I love you and, yet, we are not together! How can that be?
I sit here and ask myself how it is possible that two people who care so much about one another as we do cannot be together! I love you and adore you! I feel we understand and know each other so well--maybe too well sometimes! Our situation is starting to get out of control--all the secrets, all the lies, all the hurting each other!
I ask myself if this is all worth it, and sometimes I just want to give in and say "enough is enough" and let go, but that's easier said than done. I think of all the good times and all the good in you, and all the beautiful memories in this relationship! People say if two people truly love one another, then they should be able to overcome anything!
Sometimes I feel it's only me who has the true love, and yours is some sort of fantasy love. I have put my heart and soul into the past nine months of my life with you. I feel all the effort I have put in this has got to get me somewhere! Then there are days that I just want to let go and say "enough is enough" again. But it's easy to propose impossible solutions!
You're my baby, you're my love, you're my best friend, you're everything to me right now, so why, tell me why, why is it so hard to just move on? It seems like every time I feel that we are getting somewhere, something happens or someone comes back to cause us problems again. Then I'm right back to square one! It just isn't right. I know you don't want to be with anyone else right now, but I'm not so sure about that! You say that you don't have anybody else in your life, but I think you do! I think there is someone out there getting the time that belongs to me. You say you love me truly and want me to believe you. Well it's hard to do that when I feel you're spending time with someone else.
I have already proven my love to you. You know that I'm not with anyone else. I can't be, until I figure out everything about you and me, and everything we have or don't have! I don't want to fight, I don't want to hide, and I don't want to lie! I want to be real! I want us to be honest with each other!
Please help me to understand where I stand! You can be so confusing sometimes with your actions and words! This situation is driving me crazy when it really should be giving me unconditional happiness! I decided to stay with you, so I shouldn't complain, but I wouldn't stay if I didn't feel--or you didn't make me feel--there is enough reason to! That's why it's so hard to decide to go! Ultimately a decision has to be made, though.
Friendship can remain, but are you ready to give up love? Because if your words still sound real to me when you say, "I love you," then there is no way I can leave you. I'm here because I want to be here, but even a girl in love can handle only so much. Remember, actions speak louder than words! I have not only told you, but showed you how much I love you, too. Sooner or later something has to give. You tell me what that is! You're my one true love, and I will always love you, whether we're together or not!
Each night before I fall asleep, your sweet voice echoes in my mind. As I rest my head on my pillow, the memory of your smile comforts my soul, and I want you to know that you and you alone have made me whole. Without you I would simply be surviving, but with you I am living my life to its fullest now. Because of your love, my spirit has been rejuvenated.
Because of you, simple pleasures in life bring me so much joy that it is hard to find words to describe them. A walk in the park becomes a reality--based metaphor because of our journey together, hand-in-hand, for time eternal.
The differences between you and me are very few, yet they are there. But we accept those differences, embracing them because they have become part of the things we love about each other. Even in our bad moods and regardless of the irritations we find in daily life, we manage to make each other laugh. Our joking together may seem silly to other people, but it always makes us chuckle and laugh. The sound of your laughter warms my heart and is music to my ears. I believe we could survive anywhere and overcome anything as long as we were together!
Love is not a job, love simply is. Unconditional love is what I offer you and, when I'm with you, I feel like I receive the same in return. You are my heart of hearts, my soul mate, my friend, my lover, and my partner for life. Thank you for being there, for loving me, and for giving me everything that my heart has ever wanted. I love you now and always will.
I am sitting here, thinking about you, thinking about all the things we've talked about, all the things we've said to each other, thinking about the many times we said, "I love you" to each other. Those three words have never lost their value, even though we've said them more than a hundred times to one another. I know you are somewhere on the other side of the world, thinking about me too. Wherever you are, I walk by your side. When you go to bed, I am laying down with you. When you sit down to eat, I sit next to you, too. When you are combing your hair, I am there kissing and stroking it, smelling the shampoo you use. I am so in love with you--and I can even feel you here beside me, holding me, saying, "Love, come with me." I would come with you anywhere without hesitation.
My love, all I am saying now is that I am so happy to have found you. You mean everything to me. You are my earth, my water, my sun, and my moon. You are everything that gives life in my world, everything that maintains life around me. Having you with me is like being reborn. Before you, I was dead. I was like a zombie wandering around with no destination, or a robot that people commanded. I didn't have a life with any meaning. Now I have you, and all I want to do is be with you and feel you near me. I want you to know that you are wanted--how much? That is not something I can describe in words. I can't wait until I can kiss you, hold you, and just show you how much you are wanted. We will be together soon. It will warm my heart just to look in your beautiful green eyes again. I love you so much!
I have never encountered someone as radiant, or as beautiful, and as kind as you are. The mere sight of you, the simple hint of your voice, quickens my pulse and awakens hope and wonder in me. I never imagined someone could be so open or so caring. Every day, I feel grateful for just having met you.
You are full of life. Your personality is so vibrant and unique. I want to discover everything there is to understand about you. In truth, I can no longer envision my life without you. Although our paths are new and our tracks are fresh, our first steps together have reassured me of one thing: I wish to have you next to me always. I wish to spend my life with you.
You mean everything to me. Thank you for loving me the way no one else can. You understand me and know how to make things just right. You will never know just how much I love you, but I will spend the rest of my days trying to show you. You saved me from the worst of my fears, and you were always there for me. Fighting is never an issue with you, and making love is always as sweet as the first time. No matter what, there will never be anyone else for me, and I will always keep you warm with my love. I love you and will for all eternity. Thank you, Baby!
I knew you were someone special from the moment I met you. I knew by the way you looked at me, talked to me, and were always there for me. I was afraid to love again--afraid of the pain it might bring. But in a short time, you showed me that real love wasn't painful or deceitful. You showed me that I deserved to be loved and to be happy. You gave new meaning to my life, and I can never thank you enough for that! You truly are a godsend to me!
For all you've done for me, I promise to always be there for you, cherish you, and love you whole-heartedly. I promise to be a loyal and loving spouse for the rest of my days. I promise to always love you!
No day goes by without my thinking of you. You are such a great person that I find it hard to believe that you were single for such a long time. It is not easy to be a single Dad, but you do a good job and your children are happy. Each time that I see you, I find you more attractive and more appealing. Not only do your outward looks appeal to me, but I am attracted to you because you have a wonderful sense of humor, and your children seem to admire you and love you. They certainly appear to know that their Dad loves them.
Are you truly happy being single now? You say that you are afraid of a commitment. I can understand that because I am, too. We have seen one another a good many times now, and I am beginning to be less afraid of a commitment. I feel that I want a permanent relationship with you, because we have a good time together, and I hate to say "goodbye" at the end of the evening. But I look forward to the new plans we make, because we need to see each other again.
I guess I am saying that I wish you were mine. I don't want to be without you or have to go home and stare at empty walls. I am asking you to think about marriage. I love your children and I promise to treat them as though they were my own. I promise to love, honor, and cherish you. Will you be mine? That would make me so happy. That's because I love you so much. Please be mine.
If only I had known you were out there, then I would have been searching for you long before I had actually met you. If only I had known there was someone like you who would give me all their love, I would have done anything and everything in my power to find you sooner. But now that I have found you, I'll never let you go. Because I have found you, all my hopes and dreams have come true! I love you with all my heart!
If only I had known that you were out there, then I would have been searching for love long before I found you. If only I had known there was someone out there like you, I would have searched the ends of the earth. If I had known that I would meet someone who could give me everything, who would do anything for me, and who would give me all their love--I would have done anything and everything in my power to find true love sooner. But now that I have found you, I will never let you go!
I hope that you and I will always feel satisfied with our love for each other. I know there could never be anyone else for me but you.
I know sometimes it seems that I don't care, but if only you knew the love that I have for you. It's what wakes me up in the morning; it's the energy that makes life worth living. If only you knew how much it hurts me to see you hurt, and it hurts even worse to know that I'm the one that caused you pain. I'm sorry. There are no reasons or excuses as to why I do the things I do, but if only you knew how much I don't mean them. I told you once before that I can't help the fact that I'm stingy and that I only want your love for myself. It would kill me to know that someone else is receiving what I thought was only meant for me. Though you may have heard this before, and I may have said it before, too, but I can't live my life completely without you in it anymore. When God gave me you, he gave me everything I needed. You're all that I long for; you're all I ever wanted. If I could change anything about this relationship, it would only be that we weren't always married. I love you with all my heart and, like I said before in the words of our favorite singer, "I will never ever leave you."
If only we had met another time in our lives. Perhaps when you were more ready to settle down and be happy. I do understand that there was a lot going on in your life, but I can't understand why you didn't let me love you the only way I knew how--with all my heart and soul.
The times we had together were great. I know that at one time you really did love me. I think in some ways you still do. When you had to go--for reasons only you know--you broke my heart completely.
I didn't think I would ever be able to look at you again or see you again, nor did I ever even want too. After seeing you last week, though, I felt that I was over the hurt and wanted us to at least be friends. Although we may never be together as lovers again, I want whatever is best for you, and I do hope we can continue to keep in touch.
Let us get together as friends soon and share our experiences as friends do.
I don't know what it is about you that makes me feel the way I do. No other guy can touch my heart, but you can see through to the depths of my very soul. I care about you more than I ever knew I could care about anyone before. You see, I never thought I could love again, but now I'm so confused. My heart says, "yes," but my head says, "no." You wonder why I care about you, but it's simple: when I look into your eyes, I see beyond all the hostility on the outside. I see a real person with real needs, the one you are afraid to be. But that's okay, because I know the truth, and I will wait for the day when you'll open the gate and let me in. Even if it takes years, I'll be right here, waiting for you to let me love you, as I already love you now.
I started writing down all the ways you make my life complete, and I ran out of space when I tried to fit it on just one sheet. Here are a few of my thoughts listing why I love you. You are kindness and gentleness. You are caring and loving. You are fun to be with.
I cannot imagine my life without you. I love to imagine you smiling when you read this letter, and I love to remember how we happy we are together. Do you picture yourself holding me even when we are not together? I picture myself holding you. Just imagining you in my arms sustains me. I love to imagine you and me together forever. I love to imagine ways to always make our relationship better. I love to imagine just loving you with all my heart and you loving me back.
I don't think that I tell you often enough how amazed I am by everything you do. I am proud of all your accomplishments and I am impressed by your strong will. I was proud, too, to see you win that recent promotion that you worked so hard to achieve. You are always on my mind and in my heart. Never doubt how much you mean to me and how much I love you. I will be faithful to you and love you until the end of time.
We have known each other for so long now. We played together in preschool, learned to read together in grammar school, chased each other for kisses in middle school, and then fell deeply in love in high school. From the simplest tasks to the most subtle of feelings, we've grown together through it all.
Now, more than ever, it's clear that the crossing of our paths was not just random--the crossing of our paths was meant to be. You and I are two of a kind, two deeply connected souls. Without you, my world is unimaginable, and I wouldn't know how to exist anymore.
I have always loved you and I still love you now. Stay with me forever. Love me until the end of our lives.
I never thought that I would ever find what it means to really love someone. You have taught me what it means to truly love another person. More than that, our love taught me to feel better about myself. It is because of you that I am the person I am today. It is because of you that I know loyalty and commitment, dedication and pride, peace and contentment. It is because of you that I can smile with confidence, even on a day when clouds are forming with more troubles to overcome. It is because of you that I look forward to each new day. It is because of you that I know that our love is real.
When I look into your eyes, I know there is a bond between us that no one can break. The look you give me with those eyes when you think I'm not looking is all I need to know that you're the one for me. When I look in your eyes, I see the love that abides deep within your soul--that look tells me you love me in so many more ways than one. When two people love each other, they don't look at each other; they just look in the same direction.
The way I think about you all the time amazes me. I have never loved anyone like this before. After all this time, whenever you walk into the room, my heart still skips a beat. It is comforting to look across the room at you and find you looking at me; somehow I know what you're thinking. This is a magical bond we share, and I treasure it in my heart.
Your touch just consumes me, and I find myself time and again completely surrendering to your love. For me, there is no control, not when it comes to how I feel about you. You are the world to me, and my world is brighter because our paths have crossed.
If we travel through life hand-in-hand, I don't believe there is any obstacle we cannot overcome. With you, I am stronger and happier; my life is better. I love you, and I want you always beside me.
We all move through life as through a journey. Career, happiness, love--these are paths we traverse on our way. For some, these paths unfold effortlessly and with clarity. My journey, the paths of my life, on the other hand, have been loaded with difficulty and, too often, accompanied by failure. I have learned, as a child learns, that with each slap I turn away and learn to expect less.
With you, everything has changed. Once again, I have reached for my desires and have followed my deepest feelings. Although I expected a slap and to be turned away, this time, joy and happiness, rather than failure, has accompanied me. I have found pleasure and clarity rather than difficulty.
You are the beauty I have wished for my entire life. I love you more than I can say and more than I could ever have imagined. Every day, I know how blessed I am to be loved by you!
Since meeting you, my life has felt like a dream. I wake up in the morning beside you and glance at your beautiful face, and I have to pinch myself to make sure this is really happening! This is really happening, though, and I am so thankful.
You have brought such harmony and energy into my life. With your humor, sincerity, kindness, intelligence, and spontaneity, you have transformed each day into a blessing. I want you to know that it is an honor for me to be with you, and it is an honor for me to feel your warmth and affection. I love you more than I can say!
I just want to tell you how much I love you. You have brought so much happiness into my life and you do so much for me that no one has ever done for me before. I will continue to love you for the rest of my life, and forever.
It's hard to explain just how much I love you. You do things for me I never knew were possible. With each look, with each kiss, with each embrace, you make me feel more alive and special.
It's so much of an understatement to say I'm glad that you are mine! Since we've been together, an appreciation for the possibilities and joys of living have arisen in me, and I can never really thank you enough for that. You have refreshed my most precious possession--my heart. Through your love, you have opened my eyes to the wonders all around me. I can't truly thank you enough for this gift, but please know that I will never give you a reason to say that I don't care about you. There is not a second that you're not in my mind. I will always be there for you, and I will always love you.
My lover and my friend--I want you to know how much I love you and why.
Thank you for acknowledging my thoughts and feelings, whether they are positive or negative, justified or unjustified. I feel safe being myself, knowing I cannot be perfect, but that you will continue to love me.
Thank you for the time you take to give me an extra hug, to tell me I am wonderful, or squeezing my hand affectionately. Those silent moments recharge my senses of appreciation for you.
Thank you for asking if you can help me work on my homework. It shows me that you are genuinely supportive of my goals that are such a part of who I am.
Thank you for answering all my questions without criticism or impatience. You have shown me that my dream of a kind and loving relationship is a reality now. You motivate me to expect and tolerate no less and to be the same with those around me. You have created calmness and safety in my life, which I only ever imagined before.
Thank you for the times you've asked me, "Do you and I need to accept that idea?" The partnership I had hoped for is expressed in little comments like that.
Thank you for speaking so complimentary of me to others. When you do this, you place such value on me that it makes me want to act even better. You helped me to find motivation to go forward again.
Thank you for being so appreciative when I remind you of a call to make or an errand to run. It shows me you do not have everything too tightly organized and it makes me want to be the same as you.
Thank you for taking the time and having the consideration to inform me when you do have plans. You show you have respect for me and for us. You always protect me from unkind words or behavior, too.
Thank you for constantly telling me or showing me that you are attracted to me physically, emotionally, and mentally. You have brought back the confidence I had misplaced some time ago. Thank you for inviting parts of my world into yours and making them one.
Thank you for going to the doctor's with me. You show your concern for me and commitment to us and that our relationship is much more than surface deep. Thank you for always being satisfied with our world. You not only remind me of the way I used to see things, but are helping me to get back that way. Thank you for having control of your future and your career. You remind me to have faith and strength in myself, too.
Thank you for hugging me and kissing me when I get home as if we were still dating. The passion that I have for you just keeps building!
Thank you for playing games with me and talking silly with me. I can see that we will never really grow old together.
Thank you for sharing your real estate secrets when you come home from work, then tucking me in at night. Thank you for your love when we hug good night. Thank you for bringing me to a place where pleasure and happiness is truly what makes me feel good.
Each day, I am in awe and say to myself, "I can't believe I just keep falling more and more in love with him every day!" Each day, I love listening to you more and more. Each day, the intensity and passion of making love to you just gets deeper. Each day, I find myself wanting you more and more. Each day, I find myself more driven, more compassionate, and more appreciative, with greater faith in you and more strength in myself. Each day with you in my life and what you give to me, I see myself becoming a better person! Thank you for all you give to me by just being in my life.
I love you and only you, and I want you and only you. I could never even imagine or wish for such a blessing when it comes to you and me being together, and how lucky we are to be in love.
I love you so very much, and I hope this reassures you, too.
We have shared so many wonderful moments together over the last few months. Whether out on the town, with friends, or just the two of us home alone, our moments together have been full of joy and happiness.
Each night as I go to bed, you are my last thought and, each morning as I wake up, you are the first thought that arises. Between each sunrise and sunset, my mind is full of thoughts of you.
Our love has blossomed between us. Our love has blossomed into something truly special, a rose stronger, more fragrant, and more vibrant than any I have already known.
Let's stop and notice the fragrance of our love. We have something rare and special! Let's always be there for each other so that our love will blossom more and more.
I wonder what would have become of me if you were not with me. I cannot even imagine a life without your love now. Your love is the sunshine that shines every day of my life. You are the rain that falls and refreshes me. You show me possibilities that I never even dreamed of. I know in my heart that love is magic, and it works like a miracle. Your love is magic, and I will be happy forever just being with you.
Love is the bright horizon on life's dark path. It shines in our faces and even sometimes blinds us, but we are fortunate that love exists at all. Love is the enchanter; it is magic. It can turn what was once a lonely life into a life with a one single breath that is suddenly worth living. Love can also find what was hopelessly lost and turn it into what is found and filled with joy. Love is filled with such wonder and magic, kind of like someone I know now!
She is my reason for being, although I do not say it often enough. She is the kindest person I have ever known and probably ever will know. If she ran to the edge of the earth, I would be there to catch her before she fell. Our hearts are bound by love and magic for eternity. My love for her reaches to the furthest star in the universe, and there it has blossomed as light from the horizon on my darkest path. I love you.
The first time I saw you, everyone and everything around you seemed immobile for awhile. You looked at me and your eyes sparkled. They had a shine I had never seen before, and I thought to my self that's an angel. I felt my heart skip a beat and I felt breathless, too. I crossed the road to the other side where you were and said hello. But when I talked to you, I knew right then and there that you really were an angel. From that moment on, I knew you were the one. That sparkle in your eyes is present every time I look at you now. I can't picture life without you either. I love you. I love you.
It's so hard to believe that in just six days we will have been together for a year now! Time really does fly when you are having the time of your life, doesn't it? At times I wish we could go back and relive the whole relationship, don't you? Although we both made our share of mistakes, I wouldn't change one thing; not a single breath spent with you would be different.
You are the greatest gift the world has ever presented to me. I have to admit that a year ago I didn't believe in God, or even any higher power for that matter, but now that I have you, you are my angel God has sent down to watch over me. You are my heart and my soul. You are everything to me. I love you with every ounce of my heart and soul, and so much more. Words cannot explain how much you mean to me, and I am truly blessed to have you in my life.
This year has turned out to be so amazing. I want to thank you for making my life worthwhile. You are my heart, my soul, my everything. I never want to be without you. I love you so much!
You make me feel so special, like I'm your one and only love. You make me feel like I'm a star in the sky lighting up your life. I feel safe when I'm near you and wrapped up in your arms. You make me feel like an angel from heaven because you never stop telling me how much you love me. You're always warming my heart with the things you do and say. I feel so happy just being with you this way. You're my baby and will forever be my baby. You will always be the love of my life.
The love that we share has grown so strong that it has become unbreakable now. We've been through a lot of ups and downs that sometimes brought us to the edge of saying goodbye. But, together, you and I found our way back to each other. We just couldn't stand being apart anymore.
I love you more than words can say. I love you with everything I have to give. As the poet wrote: "Across the years, I will walk with you in deep green forests, on shores of sand; and when our time on earth is through, in Heaven, too, you will have my hand." I can't wait to spend the rest of my life with you! I Thank God every day that He sent you to me and that He gave us this amazing love that is untouchable! My baby, my love, my friend, you are my life, and we belong to each other.
So long as I can breathe or I can see, as long as you live, because that's what gives life to me now. I promise my love to you now and for the rest of my life. I love you with all my heart and all my soul. I'm here forever, by your side, for always. You mean the world to me, and I would do anything for you. You've taken my whole heart into your hands, and what I feel for you can never be replaced. Only you have my love. We're going to have the most amazing future ahead of us and, remember, our day is coming, sooner than we think! My love, I'm here to take care of you and to be together with you for eternity! I love you always!
You are my dream come true, my soul mate, my angel sent from above. I never thought it was possible to love someone the way I love you, but that was before I met you. We met differently than other couples--we met online. I didn't get to hold you, feel you, caress your silky skin, touch your lips, but I carried you with me all day long in my heart. My love for you grows more and more with every day that goes by. You know that I love you more than anything; that's why I don't understand why you ask me if I love you, or how do I love you? You don't need to have doubts because my love for you is real and always will be. If I stay quiet and don't say anything when you ask me that, it's not because I don't want to answer or don't know what to say, it's because there isn't anything that can describe my love for you. There isn't anything as amazing as you are, Honey. I will love you today, tomorrow, and FOREVER!
If the sun were to rise tomorrow as it usually does, but this time without me in this world, I would want you to know how much I love, admire, and respect you.
You're a terrific man, a man who has stood by my side through everything, and has loved me, supported me, and given my heart strength and shelter. In the short time that I've known you, not a day has gone by in which I wasn't overwhelmed with feelings of gratitude and affection.
You've lent me your ear when I've needed to vent, and you've given me advice when I've felt lost. You've offered unwavering support when I've been scared. You've even challenged me when I've needed it most. When I've been tired, you've helped me along. You've cried with me when I've been hurt, and cried for me when I've been sick.
You are truly more than the love of my life. You are the most precious friend I could have asked for, too. I love you so very much, and I hope to be with you always--through every sunrise and every sunset, until our lives are over.
I always thought love was only in movies and songs till I met you, my love. To my surprise, what you make me feel every day is the same inspiration that inspired all those beautiful songs, warm poems, and amazing movies. You became my reason for existing, my dreams, and my future just by being yourself, and I thank you, I thank you with all my heart for being the most important part of my life, for being my wife, for with you my soul is everlasting and my love is eternal. I'm yours forever, not just for this lifetime but for whatever else follows. I love you.
I think about you all the time. We are so close now. It's not like I feel that we have drifted apart. It's just that I want to let you know again how much I am in love with you. I will love you forever and for always, Baby. You are the one every girl dreams about, but the best part is that you are all mine. I don't know what I did to deserve you, but I must have done something right! Being with you makes me feel like the entire world is mine. One day we will marry and have a houseful of kids. I am dreaming about that already. I love you, Baby, and I am yours forever!
"Forever" and "always" are two words that people use loosely. I say them from the depths of my heart and from all the strength within me, "I will love you, forever and always." My heart leaps for joy when I see you. My mind slips away to moments we shared. You give my life meaning. Every step we take, we take together, and I know that tomorrow each step will grow even sweeter. Our lives have become so entwined that I can feel your every breath as my heart beats. I know even from a distance when you are sad or feeling down, and my heart aches for you. I know when you are happy, and it makes me smile. I wish your every dream will come true. Your happiness is my only wish.
Never in my wildest dreams did I think I would meet a woman that could captivate and win my heart just with a "Hello." From the moment I wake up till deep in the night, there is no place on earth I would rather be than holding and kissing you tenderly.
You are a special woman with unique and intriguing qualities that drive my desire for you far beyond anyone's imagination. Never in my life until the day I met you have I wanted to bring a child into this world, share everything life has to offer, give all my love unconditionally, and grow old with someone till we reached the day we can reminisce of all the years we shared together. Just the thought of offering my total heart to you and spending my life cherishing every moment with you, brings these incredible emotions to me that I have never experienced before.
The worst day of my life was letting you slip away three years ago because the timing just was not right for either one of us, but second chances do not come too often in life. I will not go another day without giving us a true chance at a life with love and happiness. I know we can kiss and hold one another again.
A wise man once told me, "When it is real, you will know it." I know now.
Before I met you, my life was not going well at all. Then I met you, and I forgot all about my troubles. I was so scared to fall in love with you because of my past experiences, but then I came to realize you were different. You were unique. You showed me all the good things that love was really about. The feelings I have for you are unexplainable. You mean the world to me. I would do nothing to hurt you.
I know that I may not be the best girlfriend, but I'm learning, and I love you from the bottom of my heart. There is nothing in this world that could amount to the love I have for you. There is nothing in this world that would stop me from loving you. I hope and pray that we stay together forever--no matter what.
Yes, we have had our ups and downs. We have been through so much, and I know that most of it was because of me. Now it's a new year, a new me, and things are going to change. I just want you to know you mean everything to me, and I will always love you!
I promise that I will always love you, no matter what. Although you might think that I don't, I do. I have so much respect for you. You were the one that was there for me when I needed someone, and I appreciate that. I really want to be with you and no one else. Why? Because I feel in my heart that you are the only one for me in this world. No one else can fill your shoes, and it has been proven. Whenever you are ready, I am here for you, my love.
When we were innocently playing that computer game the other day, neither one of us were looking for love. We chatted as we played and quickly became interested in one another.
I was skeptical at first because of the pain caused me by others, but you quickly erased any fears that I had. You made me feel so comfortable that I know I can talk to you about anything now. You have quickly become the most important person in my life, and I am eager to see where our love goes.
The first time I heard you say the words, "I love you," it was like a load had been taken off my shoulders. I heard them, but still was worried. I wanted to hear them again and again for the rest of my life.
You have opened up new and exciting doors that I can't wait to explore with you. When I feel your touch, my heart melts and my soul is set on fire with desire to hold you and kiss you. You have become my very best friend and my only lover. So, make no mistake, Honey, this is true love.
I love you with all my heart and soul, and I always will, now and forever. Thank you for wanting me and for just being you.
Baby, the first time I talked to you, I knew you were my soul mate. I didn't even know what you looked like, but by the time I came to visit you, I was already in love with you. You stole my heart just by talking to me on the phone first. My first reaction was that I was crazy for doing what I was doing.
The past few months have been really hard for us, not knowing what direction our lives were going. I knew in the end that if it was going to be a joint life for us, it would work out, and so far things are looking up. You are my hero, and I love you with all my heart and soul now. You mean the world to me. The two weeks we had to spend apart were really hard on me, but I'm glad you're home with me now.
I love to be loved by you. You make me feel as no other man has ever made me feel. I feel safe with you, and I have finally found peace and comfort. Thanks be to you and only to you. I will do anything in the world for you and you know that. My life without you would be pointless, and I don't ever want to lose you. Your love, strength, and encouragement are what keep me going now. I often wonder what I did to make a man like you love me so much. Baby, I will always love you, and I will always be here for you no matter what.
It's almost impossible to express how much I love you. How can I describe the beautiful emotions coursing through me, emotions telling me that our love was meant to be? The thought of seeing you, holding you, touching you, and kissing you--there's nothing on earth I would rather be doing.
Words are often thought to be misleading, but right now, you must believe me: these words come from my heart, a heart you have deeply affected. I love you, and I will love for you for as long as I live. When you need me, I will always be there for you. You mean everything to me, and you take my breath away!
Even now, I remember the very first time our eyes met when the room was crowded with laughter and smoke. Even though several bodies were between us, your eyes called out to me through that thick atmosphere. You stared into my very soul. Even without words, you said: "I am yours. I am meant to be yours."
We both know how the next moments unfolded, and how the following years brought us joy. It has been amazing and beyond my dreams. The future will be this beautiful, if not more so. Of course, we don't know exactly what to expect, or what we will create or experience together. This uncertainty is a blessing in itself, because we must approach it together. Whatever we do together will be a blessing and can bring us nothing but fulfillment and success.
I love you and want to move forward with you always by my side.
When we decided not to continue our relationship, it was the worst feeling that I had ever had. We both tried to go separately on our own paths, with only an occasional phone call. Mistakes were made and we both agreed that we each made some. Now we are both trying to make it work, hoping that this time it will work, because love and caring seem to be returning.
I believe that the love that is blossoming this time is different, because we recognize that mistakes were made, and we have agreed not to repeat them. I, for one, appreciate and respect our relationship more than I ever did in the past. I know now what it is that I have, and that I've been given a second chance to hold onto it.
The only thing that is important now is that we have a meaningful relationship. We should not take it for granted, and we certainly should not take each other for granted. I love you with all my heart. I always have, and I always will. I plan to work hard for what I believe in. Please know that I believe in our love.
I can't even express into words how I feel about you. There are so many reasons that I love you. You are a true intellectual and one so handsome. You are the first person that ever listened to me and didn't just offer advice or opinions. You are an excellent listener and that is a gift. You are so confident and proud. You know who you are and what you want. You love most of the things I love and, as you know, it's a rare person who can walk around with these thought processes and feelings. You have a great sense of humor and you make me laugh--those are such wonderful qualities. Finally, you show me how you can love with integrity, compassion, and determination--that makes me the luckiest woman in the world!
I love you more than words could ever express. From the first moment I saw you, I wanted to get to know you. Although I was only a teenager at the time, you taught me how to express myself as a mature adult. You taught me everything I know about loving someone with true depth of feeling. You molded our love into something rare and beautiful. Now that eight years have passed, our love continues to grow. Everyone looks at our relationship with jealousy because we are the epitome of pure love, and not just physical attraction. Whenever you touch me, I tingle all over and that is why I love you.
Ever since I met you, my life has become a perfect world. Your kiss, your touch, your love has my soul wanting you more each day. I believe we are destined to be together forever. I love you today, and will tomorrow and forever.
The love you have brought into my life is a dream come true. Your kiss, your embrace, your voice--I never could have imagined the joy and comfort such blessings create. Each moment of the day, from sunrise to sunset, I long for your sweet lips and for your arms holding me tight. You are truly the knight who has swept me off my feet, protected me from the bitter past, and always stood beside me.
For all the days of my life, I will be thankful for you. I will forever long for you to love me with your warm touch, warm embrace, and with your passionate kiss. Every moment you give to me is precious and new. I love you. You are priceless. You are a gift from God. I love you with all my heart and soul.
Every second of the day, every day of the week, you are on my mind and in my heart. From the moment I awake to the moment I fall asleep, my thoughts are full of our love and our need for each other. I am full of thankfulness to have found someone like you.
You are really a dream come true. It was always my hope to meet a man as passionate and romantic as you are. You are a beautiful person, a rose beyond compare. You are so much more wonderful than I could have imagined. When we are together, all the problems of the world fade away, and only you and I remain--with our love.
We are only at the beginning of our story but I want you to know that I will be here for you always. You mean everything to me, and my love will last forever.
I love you because you make me look forward to each new day. Nothing moves me like you do. You are everything to me, my dream come true. There are no words to express what I feel for you. There are no songs as beautiful as the music that fills my soul when I hear your voice. There is no rose as lovely as your smile. There are no days brighter than the days I spend talking to you on the phone. You are my light in the darkness. I love you with my all my heart, mind, and soul. There could never be words strong enough to express my love for you. You are everything to me. I love you!
I had this dream once, and in this dream was a girl--a girl whose smile alone would change the shape of time, move the largest mountains, and speak to the hardest of hearts. A girl who created the greatest joy to anyone around her. A girl who was the most beautiful and amazing woman. I kept dreaming about this one woman who would be all I could ever ask for and all I would ever need. When I met you, that was the first time I realized that this dream I had been dreaming was more than that--it was a reality. You're my dream come true, my all in all, and my love for you just grows stronger.
I envision a fully prosperous life now with both you and me in it, and I am glad. I am glad I can say you are mine as much as I am yours, and I am glad we have the bond that we do. I am glad we can communicate even at the toughest of times, even the greatest. I am the most glad when I know you're happy because your happiness means everything to me. You mean everything to me. I love you with all my heart!
I am writing this letter to remind you of the endless love that is burning inside my heart for you.
I am thankful for all the great things you have done for me. You are the most wonderful person that I know! I just want to let you know that I will never leave you and that I couldn't have asked for anything better in life than just being with you. I am so grateful for a precious gift like the one that you are giving me over and over each day--your love!
You mean the world to me, and I would do anything without thinking twice to make you happy. I love everything about you--your smile, your eyes, your kiss, your voice--there's just no end to everything I love about you. So, please, don't look for anybody else.
I can't stand it when you are not near me because it feels as if the most important piece of me is missing. You are my life and my only love. I want you to remember that it will be this way till the end of time. I love you with my whole heart, mind, body, and soul.
I know some day this will be official, that a piece of paper will say so, but you fill my world with joy every day just thinking about it now! I don't need a ceremony to convince the world or me. I only need to look at you and my heart knows it's all true. Nothing can ever take you away, my love. Today and forever, I will never stop loving you.
Our lives together began with my pursuit of a man who was mysterious and respectable. I didn't stop until I had him to myself. He has shown me what exciting and enriching things I am capable of. He greets me with a smile and a kiss every morning. You're my love, life, heartache, and strife. You will always be my happiness. I am so happy I am your love. You are mine--eternally.
Re: On Cloud Nine
I just wanted to say, "I love you," and to picture you smiling as you read this. I would like to shout from the rooftops that you have filled me with happiness. I want everyone to know how much you mean to me. Ever since you entered my life, I've been flying on Cloud Nine, and I've not come down yet!
I tell you every day that you are the most beautiful person I know, inside and out, and I see that more clearly with each passing day. I love everything about you, about us, and about our life. You have made me happier than I've ever been. I absolutely love the feeling of loving you and knowing that you love me.
I never thought that I could ever love again but you came into my life three months ago and showed me that I can. I have never been as in love with anyone before as I am with you now; every day you bring something new. You make me laugh and have never made me cry. Without your love I would probably die.
I promise you this, from this day forth: I will love you forever, and don't ever doubt that. I will never want anyone else's touch but yours. You make me feel like I am the only woman in the world. You are the only man in the world as far as I am concerned! You are my heart and my soul. I feel as though we were meant to be together, that God has brought us together. I have always believed that I had a soul mate out there and I am sure that is you. I see it every time I look into your eyes, and I feel it when you hold me in your arms. Baby, my sweet baby, I love you.
This letter is to a man I thought I'd never know--the one who stole my heart so innocently, with care, with grace, and with quiet dignity.
You are a man of few words who has seduced my heart and captured it in a way I never believed possible, in a way that steals my breath away and fills every quiet moment I have with thoughts of you.
This feeling of love that I hold within my heart runs deeper than any ocean or sea. I love swimming in those deep blue waters of my heart with thoughts of you. I wish you could see how much you really mean to me. Perhaps if you look into my eyes, the window to my soul, then you would know that my heart is yours completely. If you listen to my heart beat, you can understand the language of love it speaks now. Listen to my heart closely--can you hear it? Can you hear it telling me to give you everything? I do so gladly. Try and taste my love for you in our next kiss. It's a love that is as pure and sweet as the finest candy that money could buy.
My love is all I have to give to you, sealed with honesty, passion, trust, and compassion. This seems so little to offer someone I adore as much as you--so little to offer a man that has given me so much already.
As time goes by, may this love I hold for you grow stronger and fulfill your every desire. I give you this fragile heart of mine and ask nothing less or more in return. If you want me to be your love as much as I want you to be mine--then I am yours.
Please hear this as my declaration of love. I love you with all my heart, and I will never stop loving you. I trust you, respect you, and really want to please you. You are my life, you are my friend. You are the piece that was missing to a very complex puzzle. You will always be embedded deep within my heart. I adore you, and I am yours as long as you will have me. I give you all my love, from this moment on--throughout eternity.
I have such a hunger for you, Honey. I want you in my life, and I need you to make me whole. I love hearing your voice and sharing sweet moments with you. I want to spend my life with you and to grow old together. Stay with me, Love, and be mine.
Thank you for having so much faith in me and in us as a couple. Thank you for making me a better person, for giving me your heart, and for letting me give you mine.
Our relationship has developed into something wonderful. I can't imagine spending time with anyone else now or having such deep feelings for anyone else either.
I'm truly honored to be yours. I love you.
Honey, you are my one true love; the one who fills my life with passion. I love you so much. I thank the Lord for sending you to me because you are my biggest blessing. The day I saw you, and I knew in my heart you were the only one for me. You are my brightest light--the one who fills my life full of beautiful things every day. The footprints of an angel are marked with love, and where there is love, miraculous things can happen. Our child is a miracle of God; he is our little piece of heaven. My love for you is higher than the sky above, deeper than the deepest sea and it will last through all eternity because it has no limitations.
I hear it in your voice. I see it in your smile, and I feel it in your touch. I love you today and will love you tomorrow and always.
I have never in my life met someone more beautiful, enjoyable, loving, and comforting as you are. Since the first day you smiled at me, I knew there was something very special about you. I had no idea then that we would fall in love, but now that we have, I am so grateful. I am grateful that we wandered into one another's world so softly and unexpectedly. Nature took its course on our hearts and joined them in an unimaginable way.
I want you to know that I love you from the very depths of my heart. I love everything about you--from your dark hair to your smooth forehead that I want to kiss while you are sleeping, to your blue eyes that sparkle when you smile just on me, to your little nose that I like to gently rub my nose against, to your rosy lips that I know were made perfectly to press against mine, to your ivory chin that I love to place my fingers under just to pull you closer for a kiss.
I wish more than anything that you and I could grow ever closer, and we could love, learn, and laugh together--forever. I sincerely feel that between the two of us, we have the kind of love that some people never get a chance to experience--ever. I promise to love you as much as I can, as best I can, and for as long as I live. And no matter what, it's very important to me for you to know that you are my irreplaceable love that will always be a part of me.
The day we met, I would have never thought that I'd fall in love with you. I am so happy you have come into my life. I have never felt this way about anyone before. For you I would give anything and you know I would. I love everything about you, and I hurt when we are apart. I know I have a hard time expressing how I feel about you. Some might say I'm too young to know what love is, but to me age has no place in deciding love. When I realized that, I realized that I loved you with all my heart. I can't even remember the day I fell in love with you, but it was before you got the chance to tell me that you loved me. I hope we stay in love with each other forever.
Before I met you, I was resigned to the fact that love was a part of my past, nothing more than a mere, painful memory. Then you came into my life and a miracle happened. You opened my heart in ways it had never been opened before and that awakened a part of me that had lain dormant all my life. Although I had loved and been loved before, never had it been so intense and as deep as what I learned to feel for you. I had never before experienced the true joy of complete empowering, soul-felt love as we share now. "I love you"--those three simple words I say out loud whenever I think of you bring a smile to my face and a song to my heart.
I feel comfort in knowing that we can disagree and get through the roughest times, realizing that we can't live without each other. I am as secure in knowing I have your love as you are in knowing you have mine. What more could we ask for than to have found the one true love that each of us had been searching for all our lives? I love you!
Sometimes I lie in bed at night, sleepless, restless, and alone with my thoughts of living without you. I think about how you will be leaving me for a better place, a place where nothing can harm you, a place where you will know nothing but peace and happiness. I take some comfort in that.
So, my love, pick the whitest, fluffiest cloud to pass your days on, and pick the brightest star to brighten your nights. When I look to the sky, I will know that you are up there looking down on me. Whenever the wind whispers softly, it will remind me of you, and I will smile. You will always remain in my heart, and I will forever remember you.
As I sit here writing this letter, I have tears in my eyes, but I smile when I think about having you as my special angel. You will forever be loved and never forgotten. You will always have my heart, no matter how far from me you are. I know in my soul we will never be far apart, because our souls are bound by a love that knows no end.
My desire for you grows with every passing day. I love everything about you. You are a warm, loving, sensitive, charming man with a sense of humor, too! I find you very attractive. When I look into your eyes, I can feel your desire for me. I only want to be with you, please you, and give you the same happiness that you have given me. If I were granted but one wish, it would be to spend an eternity with you. I love you.
No words can perfectly describe my feelings for you. Thank you for being such a wonderful partner. I can't imagine living my life without you near me now. In our situation, it's much easier to give up, but still we both hang on, risking everything just to prove we can make it. Thanks for loving me and trying to set the better side of me free.
I love you so much, too much, sometimes. Now and then I wonder if you cast a spell on me just so I would fall madly in love with you! I wonder if we even share the same dreams, but time alone can tell. I am looking forward to being with you for the rest of my life.
Hello, Sweetheart. Actually where will I start? Should I be subtle, or should I just go straight to the point? Let me say this to you. Your love is like the morning star that brightens the day and makes it look beautiful. Your love is like the water that flows downstream and has no end; it keeps on flowing and flowing to eternity. Your love is incomparable, unbeatable; it makes me want to go forward. It gives me hope, trust, caring, and a future that shows someone special is out there who cares, loves, and trusts me.
I am so happy that I found you. I knew from the very first day that you were the right one for me. I will be forever grateful to you for giving me the opportunity to love you, for opening your heart to me, for showing me what is called true love. I am forever grateful to you. There is nothing that can separate us; we were made for each other. For better or for worse, no matter what the future may hold, I will love you, and I mean that from the bottom of my heart.
When I see you walk by, all else around me disappears--the trees, the birds, the cars, and the sky. Nothing remains but the intensity of my longing for you. Nothing remains but my wish to bring you into my life.
I have waited too long to express these feelings. Each day I let slip by is a great loss. Each day without you is a day without purpose. You are beautiful. You are special and beyond compare. I need you in my life.
You make me feel loved; you make me feel safe. Even more importantly, you make me feel wanted--something I hadn't felt in a long time. From the first day we met, I think we both knew our friendship would grow. Neither one of us could imagine the love we would both feel now--not exploding in our hearts from the beginning, but just slowly growing into a beautiful relationship that only you and I could understand. We are seldom apart now. You are my soul mate, my best friend, my inspiration, my love.
I never knew what love felt like until that day you said, "yes." You became my inspiration, my life, my only concern. I never thought that I could feel this way with anyone, but you proved me wrong. When we are apart, I am lost without you. I get confused and I don't know what to do with myself. From the first time we touched, I knew we were meant to be together forever. You are my soul mate, my life, my friend. You will never know how much I truly love you, and how much desire I have for you. I cannot imagine my life with anyone else. All I can think of is you. I love you with all my heart and, if I have to, I will fight till the day I die to keep you. You are my soul mate.
From the moment our eyes met, our hearts knew what our minds couldn't comprehend. I have never felt a love as unexplainable as the one we share now. I could never find the right words to fully express my love for you. The feeling is so overwhelming that a day without you is like a day without the radiance of the sun. I want to give you back some of the joy you brought into my life. You are my life, my love, my soul mate. I love you with all my heart.
Since Day One, we've shared something so incredible, something that most people dream of all their lives. You came into my life completely by surprise, and you've managed to make me the happiest person in the world. You are the most sincere, caring, and loving man, and I wouldn't trade you for anything money could buy. You're always there for me, and always give me your shoulder to lean on. You're the one who listens to my cares and the one who I can share my dreams with, and for that I'm always grateful. Together we make a perfect team, and I look forward to spending the rest of my life with you. I love you more than words can say.
It's been two years since you asked me out and yet I still stare at your picture and ask myself: "Can this perfect being really be mine?' The way you hold me, the way you make me laugh, the way you love me--it's beautiful. Thank you for giving me the best two years of my life. I will always be your baby and will always look to you for comfort and protection. Thank you for being mine!
I wished for someone loving, compassionate, and understanding. You are my wish come true and I am very lucky to say so. You bring so much joy to me. There are no words to describe how much you really mean to me. I love you so immeasurably, and I appreciate you being there for me whenever I need you. I hold you very close to my heart because you are my best friend, and I cherish every little moment we spend together.
You are everything to me! Thank you for loving me the way no one can. You understand me and know how to make things just right. You will never know just how much I love you, but I will spend the rest of my days trying to show you. You saved me from the worst, and you are always there for me. Fighting is never an option and making love is always as sweet as the first time. No matter what, there will never be another one for me, and I will always keep you safe. I love you, and I will for all eternity.
Exactly one year ago, you were diagnosed with a serious illness, and all our dreams came crashing down. Neither one of us thought that we would ever have to deal with something like this in our happy life. You were so remarkably strong during what must have been the most difficult time of your life. No one knows, not even me, how difficult those few months really were for you.
I never thanked you for being so strong and understanding for both our sakes. At that time, I was so afraid for you and for our future together. I still worry sometimes, although I know you have completely defeated the illness. No one understands why we decided to go ahead and get married. If they knew how much we loved each other, they would not even wonder about it. I love you more than you could possibly know, and my love keeps growing every day. I love you so much, and I always will.
Things could not be any better than they are now, with you in my life. You are my inspiration and you're the one who stands by me through everything and gives me a shoulder to cry on. Most of all, you make me know that I am loved. There is no one that makes me feel whole the way that you do. You mean everything to me.
There is nothing that I would not do for you, and there is no one else I would want to share my life with. You are the reason I get up in the morning and the reason I go to work, and you make me look at life from a new perspective. I have never met anyone as wonderful as you are. I really miss you when we are apart.
There are so many things that I am grateful for now, I can't even count them. You have been there for me through thick and thin. I thank you for giving me the opportunity to get to know you and for always being there for me. You mean so much to me; it's unbelievable that I have found someone as wonderful as you are. Even when I am down, you are always there for me and help bring me up again. Things have been so hectic lately that I could not have wanted anyone else to be there for me but you. You have been the stable force in my life, and this is just a note to let you know how much I love you.
You are the sun, the moon, the whole universe to me. I love you for who you are and how you make me grow when I am with you. There has never been anyone else I can depend on when life gets tough except you. There are many times when you seem to feel what I'm feeling, even when it wasn't necessary, but I thank you for it, and now I know how important I am to you. In all the relationships that I've had before, there has never been one that turned out to be true love. There are so many things I could thank you for, but that would be impossible because there are so many I wouldn't know where to begin.
I know that our love is true love. No one could ever replace you and, if anything happens to us, I don't know what I would do without you. You are my life and everything revolves around you. You hold my whole life in the palms of your hands. You always make the whole room light up just when you enter it, and you shine on me just like a star, but then you are a star, you are my angel. Honey, there's nothing in the world I wouldn't do for you! I love you!
Today, I want to tell you about how much I love you and think about you. My days and nights are now brighter than anything because you make me feel extraordinary. I feel myself flying and feel the world is such a beautiful place now. Thank you so much for your love and the care you give me every day of my life. Thank you so much for your love, you advice, and your prayers.
I know that I can't give you as much love and care as you've already given me because I know I can't be an angel like you are. You are an angel of love and kindness. I really adore you and want to offer you my loving feelings. I want to give you a special prayer: God bless you and may you live a long and healthy life. No one can take your place. Please know that I'm here for you every second of my life with all my love and best wishes.
I love you so very much, Sweetheart. You are the love of my life. I have a hard time explaining how deep my feelings are, but I have never felt anything like this before.
I really appreciate how you are always there for me, no matter what. I don't know what I would have done this week without your love and support. You are the most loving, caring, compassionate, most awesome guy I ever met. One other guy held a special place in my heart for awhile, but you have gone way above and beyond my feelings for him. I didn't think that was possible, but I never wanted to marry him like I do you.
You are the first guy I ever wanted to marry. I want to have a baby with you; that is the most awesome experience, nothing compares to that. Thank you for always being there for me, for the flowers, for your kind words, hugs, kisses, and unconditional love. You are a dream come true, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you as your wife, your lover, and your best friend. I have never in my life been so happy or felt so much love.
I'm so very proud of you, too. You are an admirably strong person, and we are strong for each other in different ways. We totally understand each other and feel each other's pain. When you hurt, I hurt. When you are happy, I'm happy. I love you so much, Sweetheart, and I never want to lose you. I offer you my life and my love, now and forever. I love you.
Our relationship is young, but I want you to know that I already realize that you are one of the best people that I have ever known. You have a strong value system that you demonstrate both at work and in your family life. Some of the things that I especially like about you include your kind treatment of others, no matter who they are or what their jobs are. You treat everyone you know equally, and that is a rare talent. You're one of the best. It's no wonder that I am falling in love with you!
You are my life, my heart, and my soul. When I am near you, I feel weak, intoxicated, and mesmerized by your wonder. I feel as though time has stopped around us, as though nothing exists but you and me--not the sun, the stars, or the moon--nothing.
You are my world, my air, and my breath. Even when we are parted, you are always in my heart. You give me strength and keep me going. Never forget that I love you. I will always love you and be here for you.
Ever since I met you, my life has become a perfect world. Your love has my soul wanting you more each day. I believe and I know that we are destined to be together forever. I will love you today, tomorrow, and forever. I promise that I will always love you--no matter what.
I have so much respect for you. You are always there for me, and I appreciate that. I really want to be with you and no one else. Why? Because I feel and I know in my heart that you are the only one for me in this world. No one else can fill your shoes or measure up to you, my love.
When I met you, I had a different outlook on the way things were and the way things are supposed to be. But since meeting you, I have become a different person, a better person, a complete person. I truly know that I have found the right person to spend my life with. You are the first thing I think of when I wake up in the morning and the last thing I think of at night as I drift off to sleep. Love has taught me and changed me since we met, when I knew you were the only woman I ever really loved, and the only woman I ever wanted to be with--for life.
My love, you are the love of my life. I love you more than anything, more than I have loved anyone before. All I can see is being with you and being happy for life. When you are happy and you smile at me, there is always a stirring inside of me, and I wonder how blessed I am to find someone so wonderful to love and to be loved by.
Well, I know you must hate it when I say this, but I'm going to say it again: you are my one and only one. You are the most intelligent, caring, and wonderful man I have ever met, and I have been truly blessed to have you in my life. I know, we have seen our share of drama and a little bit of trauma, too, but we have survived it all, and we're still together.
I almost can't believe that I am this lucky to have you in my life. I feel that God smiled on me, and now I'm blessed with having you with me. You are so special and so different. You are wonderful and good-looking, too--not to mention unique! There is no one else like you, and I love you so very much!
I do not know who you are, or how you are at this moment, but I just want you to know that I hold onto life and look forward to the day you will meet me. I hate fate for letting me meet you so late in life but, no matter what the consequences, I will be strong, and I will look into the future because of you. I hope you can feel my love, wherever you are. May God send you joy and peace, love and happiness, until the day I find you.
Life can be cruel, but it all works for our good in the end. I love you, even when you're still a mystery to me. Maybe the promise of our future love makes us go through everything we're going through now, but please know that my thoughts are with yours now. Take care of yourself for me, and I hope you will try to seek me out as much as I do you.
First, I would like to thank you for one of the best nights of my life. I can't even describe how you made me feel last night, it was so amazing. You have no idea how much you touched my heart and my soul then. I know that you are the only one for me, and the look in your eyes told me that I am the only one for you, too.
From the first day we met, I knew that you were the only person I could see myself grow old with. I've always dreamed of finding that one person and now that I have, I don't know how I could live without you. You are the first thing I think about when I wake up, and the last thing I think about when I go to sleep. You're on my mind 24/7; you're even in my dreams. My love for you will only grow stronger as the years go by.
I promise you that I will always be there for you. I will always do anything that I possibly can for you. I will make you happy when you're sad, I will take care of you when you're sick, and I will stand by your side until the end of time.
I can't find the words to tell you how much I love you, but I know as the years go by you'll know just how much I care. I love you now and will forever.
One year and counting! Wow, Baby, this past year has been the best! It's been like kid's day at the fair--fun and then more fun! How lucky I am to have found my best friend, lover, and soul mate all wrapped up in you! I am so much in love with you, and I fall more in love each passing day. Thank you for coming into my life and taking me on all the roller coasters! That was fun, but no more of a thrill than just knowing you. I will love you always.
I told you when we first met that only a few are lucky enough to find true love. It's a gift from above. I only hoped that in my lifetime I would find that one true love that only a few are lucky enough to find. I have been given that gift, the gift of true love. In you I have found the one true love for a lifetime. I have found the most amazing man in the world. You are everything I had dreamed of and more. I only imagined what it would be like, and you are beyond what I imagined. You are the most loving, intelligent, kind, and handsome man in the world. I am one of the few who are lucky enough to find true love. I love you more than this letter can express. Baby, you're the best. You are my true love today, tomorrow, and forever and a day. I love you, Baby!
Although sometimes I question things, deep inside I know that you are the only one for me. When I'm not with you, you are the only one that's on my mind. Everything about you tells me that we can be together forever. Only you can make me feel like time stops when we're together. Only you can make things better when I'm feeling pretty miserable. Only you can smooth my fears away. For this I'm grateful, and I hope you'll never leave me. I love you.
I wanted to tell you today how good I feel about us and about our future together. I enjoy being with you. It seems that everything we do is even more meaningful because it isn't just for today--it's for always. You make me feel truly happy, and I'll always love making you feel special, too.
I'm glad that I can count on you to be there when I need someone to understand, to encourage, and to reassure me. I hope you realize you can always count on me too. We share so much of our lives, but it's nice to know that we can still go our own ways now and then but, somehow, the more we grow as individuals, the closer we can become.
I'm satisfied with all we have together, and I'm sure that those feelings will last, and that I'll cherish you through a lifetime of beautiful tomorrows. I want you to know how pleased I am to be a part of your life, how much it means to me to know I'll always be in love with you, and only you!
When I first asked you out on a date, I didn't know how long-reaching that decision would be for me. I didn't know how hard I would fall for you or how wonderful I would feel when I was with you.
When I first asked you out on a date, I didn't know love would be possible. I felt that real connection and intimacy might be an illusion, but you proved me wrong. You changed me. In all honesty, you turned my life around.
I want to thank you for just being in my life. I want you to know that I treasure your warmth, your humor, and your beauty. I treasure everything about you and feel so lucky to be with you. I love you and I can't wait to see what wonderful moments the future yet holds.
You are my inspiration and a gift from God. You made me believe true love was possible in my lowest moments. Meeting you was like finding a source of light at the end of a dark tunnel. I love you so much, and I will--forever and always.
Getting to know you has been so wonderful! So many new feelings have been introduced into my life. I remember distinctly the first time we met, when our eyes found each other through a room crowded with talking and movement. Neither you nor I could handle that moment with anything but a smile, but that connection cut through the thickness and commotion of the atmosphere like a ray of light through a dense forest canopy, a ray of light through a mass of ever-rotating clouds. How crazy it may sound that I can't think anymore or act anymore without thinking of you. You are always with me. Know that I will always be with you. I love you.
You know I am a good cook, so I know there are a few key steps to follow when making any great dish. If we want our relationship to turn into something great, we need to follow some of those rules, too. If you want to make a great stew, for instance, the first few things you would put into the pot would determine the flavor, the texture, and the overall greatness of the stew. The first thing I would like to put into "our pot" is a little compassion, saut&eacute;ed with understanding, sprinkled with care, and topped off with a nice piece of tenderness. Let that simmer, and top it off with good humor and laughter. Then divide it into two generous servings, and we can savor the creation of our love.
Sometimes I can't express to you the way I really feel inside. There are times I want to write poetry or sing a song, but they would just say some of what my heart wants to tell you. I sat down behind my desk at work today and decided to write you a letter. I am just a small town girl whose life is very different from yours, because you are in a state miles away, but I know our love will conquer all.
You tell me to believe in our love and allow it to grow, but sometimes it's so hard when you have so many doubts. You live in a city where the most beautiful women live, and I am just one woman hundreds of miles away. It saddens my heart and sometimes I cry because I want to be with you, and I don't know what to say or how to tell you what hurts me so deep inside. I know you are successful, and I am so proud of you for who you are, Sweetheart. But, like you, I will try and believe that our love will conquer all.
I wrote you this letter to tell you how much I care and, if you ever need me, Baby, please know I'll be there. I may not be the most beautiful woman in the world, but my heart is filled with gold. I know our friendship will continue to grow stronger, and we will conquer all obstacles placed between us. You make me feel so special, and it overwhelms my heart to know there is a man who thinks highly of me. All I ask of you is please, take it slow, and let's grow together in love, unity, and respect. Miles separate us and our cultures are different, too, but we have fun together and we share similar interests. So, Sweetheart, I will try harder and never give up, because I pray our love will conquer all.
There are some things that words cannot describe. The feelings I have when talking to you, for example, or when thinking about you, or when dreaming about you--these are feelings I have never experienced before. These feelings are too amazing and too intense for description! You are so special and wonderful that without you with me in times of need, I don't know where I would be today.
My love for you has grown rapidly over the past couple of months. When we first met, I never could have imagined we would be where we are today. I never could have imagined we would feel so deeply connected, but it's just going to keep getting better! If nothing else in this world is certain, I know at least that I will always be here when you need someone to talk to, and that my love for you will never fade.
With you in my life my days are perfect. From the bottom of my heart, I thank you. I will always love you.
I want to do something special for you since your birthday is tomorrow. I want to do something to tell you that I am in love with you and that I'm not afraid to put it in writing. I want you to know how much I love you and how much you mean to me. Every day my love for you grows, so it gets stronger every day. It's such an overwhelming feeling to be this much in love. I need to tell you about it today!
I know I don't tell you every day, but I want to say that you are the most beautiful girl I know, both on the inside as well as the outside. Your beauty is so captivating! Your personality is so charismatic! It's not possible for me to stop thinking about you for very long; you are always on my mind. You do something so wonderful to me, something so indescribable that there are no words that can really express how much I love you. You have truly made me the happiest man on earth. I have never been happier in all my life. I have no clue as to what I did to be so fortunate, and I will be eternally grateful for you and the love you give to me. I will never stop loving you.
Last night was more intense and more passionate than I could have ever imagined. We are the perfect match, you and I, the perfect lovers and, finding you, coming together with you, was a douse of cold water in the middle of a drought. All that is inside of me was nourished by you--the sparks of hope, beauty, and life. Now that we are apart, my longing to share another night with you and share our secret passion again fills my every waking moment. Until then, I will hold the memory of our passion dear to me.
What can I say to make you see that I will always love you? How can I convey the depth of my passion and longing? When I look into your eyes, I feel my heart pounding inside my body. When I kiss your lips, every nerve in my skin comes alive. Like air and earth, like sunshine and shade, you are essential to my world. Like food and water, without you I could not survive.
Stay with me always. Always give me your warm touch, your loving look, and your kind words. I need you, and I will love you and cherish you forever. Until my very last breath, I am yours and yours alone.
From the start, from our very first moments together, I knew something special was happening between us. I knew then--just as I know now--that we are perfect for each other. We complement each other's strengths. We repair each other's faults. We love each other deeply, plainly, and simply.
We are two of the luckiest people alive and together we can do things that we never thought were possible. I want you to know that I am willing and ready to be there for you always. You have been the light that shines when there is darkness in my life, and I can never thank you enough for it. I love you with every ounce of my being!
We've become very close in the past six weeks, closer than either of us even imagined we could be. I'm a little scared, too. I fear you might not give us a chance the most. If you let the fears you're having stop us from giving this a chance, then we'll never know what it could have been like, and we'll regret it.
There's something between us. I have no idea what it is, but I do know that it's good. Whatever it is that makes it so easy for us to be together is definitely something good.
I wish I knew more of what to say to you. I wish that I knew something, anything to say that would encourage you to call me. All I want is to hear your sweet voice, and to tell you that whatever we have, whatever it brings, it is okay. If we meet, and something doesn't click, then if we're just friends who understand each other, that would be great, too. If we do click, then we will begin the most amazing ride of our lives. Either way, we win. So why forfeit all of this, when you're already a sure winner? Give us a chance. Please call me.
How do I begin to profess my love for you? The love that I possess in my heart can only be felt--never really explained. Words are lacking and language is inadequate when it comes to the affairs of the heart. There are no songs as beautiful as the music that has filled my soul since the day you came into my life. You changed me forever.
We were created for each other. You and I have been together since the beginning of time--souls entwined, loving each other among the stars. I will love you until the stars no longer shine. You are my reason for living, and I exist only for you. My every heartbeat throbs the melody of your name.
You have given me a new version of myself. You have healed a scarred heart and brought into the sunshine a love that I never knew resided in me. My eyes, that have only known tears of pain, now know tears of happiness. I will feel no rain because you are my shelter, and I will feel no cold, because you are my warmth. In you, I know I am finally home.
Some people wait their whole lives, never finding the one they love, never finding the one kiss that sets their spirits free. They feel the touch that reaches beyond the surface, straight into their hearts and souls. Surely, I am blessed because now I have found that special one in you. I found everything I ever wanted in everything that you are.
The pulse of my life beats for you. In everything I do, I want to be the best for you. I am devoted to your happiness and I am truly grateful for your commitment to us. The connection I share with you is special and unique. Thank you for loving me and for accepting me, despite my faults. The least I can do is give you the deep and lasting joy that you deserve. From working through life's obstacles to being on time, you can depend on me to be patient, understanding, strong, sensitive, and loving. This is my vow to you now and forever. I love you.
Hopefully you are thinking about me now, like I am thinking about you. To tell you the truth, last night I cried myself to sleep, wondering what went wrong. Just three days ago, I was so happy to be with you, I could not believe that for three years we were together, happy and full of love. All of a sudden here I am alone on this rainy day, wondering what you are doing. It is okay, rainy days will come and go, but my love for you will never leave my heart. One day you will realize that I was the only one who loved you truly from the heart, and not for material things. Remember, whenever you see the raindrops on your window pane--those are my tears showing my love for you.
I want to assure you that the love existing in our relationship is void of fantasy and can't be labeled "a whirlwind romance," or any other fictional romance. Without any shadow of a doubt, our love is authentic and real.
I love you not only because of your physical beauty, but for your decency, delicacy, kindness, and other admirable qualities. I can't help but dote on you. All the love I feel towards you comes straight from my heart. I love you!
When you walked past me for the first time, and I caught a glimpse of your eyes behind the strands of your blonde hair, something changed inside me. At that moment, before we even spoke a word to one another, I knew we would always be together.
Some would say this is the stuff that fairy tales are made of, but nothing is more real or more certain than my love for you. When you brush my cheek with your hand, I feel it all over me. With each step that you take and each word that you speak, my heart skips a beat.
Every day, I vow to express these feelings to you, but every time I try and you look me in the eyes, my emotions become too strong, and I simply become speechless. But please know that these are those lost words--the words that I want to say: I love you. I will love you forever.
I must be honest. Before meeting you, I doubted the true existence of love. Amid the obstacles and competitions of daily life and the rapid and cold progression of facts and figures, love had grown to be more of a myth for me, something only written about and dreamed about. Love was something without real existence. I even started to imagine that people, out of the basic need to believe, had created the very concept of love itself. Someone had said that religion was the opium of the masses, but for me, love was that drug.
You stripped me of these doubts, and made me realize that nothing--not the air, not the earth, not the sea, was more real than our love. I thank you for reviving me, for filling my life with hope and tenderness, and for reminding me of the purity of life and the purity of love. I am exhilarated by every ounce of you and by every moment we are together.
I love you now, and I will love you always.
Wow! So here I stand, no longer alone among the digital masses. Here I stand, surrounded by people who have met on-line, people who have loved and lost, and people who, somehow, in a desperate world, found each other.
So what do I say that hasn't already been written or that hasn't already been said? Hmm, pretty tough! Okay--try this: I no longer need to hope for love by going to clubs, (I can't dance, anyway!) I don't have to search for love in personal ads, on the Internet, or in chat rooms, text messages, camera phones, faxes, and e-mails. I don't have to wait for good and bad feedback, or have to need a good laugh, wait to talk, be told to shut up, look for hope, pray for a miracle, wait for an angel, see hope for God's love here on earth, wish for a special friend, crave for my heart's desire, envy other people's romances, or wonder if someone will ever love me. You're here; I'm done searching. I've found everything I ever wanted or needed.
It's the end of the day and, as usual, I'm thinking about you. I want you to know how much I love the times we've spent together. It has meant so much to me.
It really seems like I've known you forever, and it's hard to even imagine life without you now. I will always look back at the memories, but I have no second thoughts and no regrets. I've truly been blessed to find you, and I'll never let you go. I will do everything in my power to keep us together, and I will always love you.
There were times before when I thought I had found true love, a love so intense and real that I would forever be caught in its spell forever. Then the time would come when I realized I was mistaken. I spent the most agonizing days of my life after my great love ended with sleepless nights and my pillow always wet with tears. I always thought I was losing my mind and mourn for what turned out to be just a short-lived love.
And then I met you, a new friend. No sooner did we meet than I found out you had suffered the same anguish as I had just a month ago. I found it comforting to talk to you about the pain and misery of losing a love I thought would last. Somehow we never felt embarrassed talking to each other about our heartaches. It seemed to bring each of us some relief.
Even though we still have the reassuring friendship we started out with, I'm happy it has grown into so much more. You turned out to be my best friend and companion. You saved me from misery and loneliness. I wasn't yearning anymore for my old love to come back, nor desperately seeking a new love. I was content just to spend time with you. I love your company, your intelligence, and your wonderful sense of humor. I love the way you make me look forward to waking up again in the morning, and the way you make me go to sleep with a smile on my face. More than anything else, I love you for just being you. I'm in love with you. I love you, and I'll always love you.

Since I left you, I have been constantly depressed. My happiness is to be near you. Incessantly I live over in my memory your caresses, your tears, your affectionate solicitude. The charms of the incomparable Josephine kindle continually a burning and a glowing flame in my heart.... I thought that I loved you months ago, but since my separation from you I feel that I love you a thousand fold more. Each day since I knew you, have I adored you more and more.

It seems to me, to myself, that no man was ever before to any woman what you are to me  the fullness must be in proportion, you know, to the vacancy...and only I know what was behind  the long wilderness without the blossoming rose...and the capacity for happiness, like a black gaping hole, before this silver flooding. Is it wonderful that I should stand as in a dream, and disbelieve--not you--but my own fate? Was ever any one taken suddenly from a lampless dungeon and placed upon the pinnacle of a mountain, without the head turning round and the heart turning faint, as mine do? And you love me more, you say? .... How shall I ever prove what my heart is to you? How will you ever see it as I feel it?

Though still in bed, my thoughts go out to you, my Immortal Beloved, Be calm  love me  today  yesterday  what tearful longings for you  you  you  my life  my all  farewell. Oh continue to love me  never misjudge the most faithful heart of your beloved. Ever thine. Ever mine. Ever ours.

My Own Boy,Your sonnet is quite lovely, and it is a marvel that hose red-roseleaf lips of yours should be made no less for the madness of music and song than for the madness of kissing. Your slim gilt soul walks between passion and poetry. I know Hyacinthus, whom Apollo loved so madly, was you in Greek days. Why are you alone in London, and when do you go to Salisbury? Do go there to cool your hands in the grey twilight of Gothic things, and come here whenever you like. It is a lovely place and lacks only you; but go to Salisbury first.Always, with undying love,Yours, Oscar

We get old and get used to each other. We think alike. We read each other's minds. We know what the other one wants without asking. Sometimes we irritate each other a little bit. Maybe sometimes take each other for granted.But once in a while, like today, I meditate on it and realize how lucky I am to share my life with the greatest woman I ever met. You still fascinate and inspire me. You influence me for the better. You're the object of my desire, the #1 earthly reason for my existence. I love you very much.
Should I draw you the picture of my Heart, it would be what I hope you would Love; tho it contained nothing new; the early possession you obtained there; and the absolute power you have ever maintained over it; leaves not the smallest space unoccupied. I look back to the early days of our acquaintance; and Friendship, as to the days of Love and Innocence; and with an indescribable pleasure I have seen near a score of years roll over our Heads, with an affection heightened and improved by time  nor have the dreary years of absence in the smallest degree effaced from my mind the Image of the dear untitled man to whom I gave my Heart.

How did I love before I knew you  before I possessed your affection! I reckon upon your love as something that is to endure when everything that can perish has perished  though my trust is sometimes mingled with fear, because I feel myself unworthy of your love. But if I am worthy of it you will always love me; and if there be anything good and pure in me, it will be proved by my always loving you.

My love has made me selfish. I cannot exist without you  I am forgetful of every thing but seeing you again  my Life seems to stop there  I see no further. You have absorb'd me. I have a sensation at the present moment as though I was dissolving  I should be exquisitely miserable without the hope of soon seeing you. I should be afraid to separate myself far from you....I would be martyr'd for my Religion  Love is my religion  I could die for that  I could die for you. My Creed is Love and you are it's only tenet  You have ravish'd me away by a Power I cannot resist.

No written words can adequately express our deep, deep love. We know how great you are and we, the children and Dad, will try to be as strong as you. Our faith in you and God will sustain us. Our total love for you is everlasting.We will be at your side with our love for a wonderful Mom.
On turning over in my mind the contents of your last letters, I have put myself into great agony, not knowing how to interpret them, whether to my disadvantage, as you show in some places, or to my advantage, as I understand them in some others, beseeching you earnestly to let me know expressly your whole mind as to the love between us two. It is absolutely necessary for me to obtain this answer, having been for above a whole year stricken with the dart of love, and not yet sure whether I shall fail of finding a place in your heart and affection.

little girl...Happiness is within you.... So unlock the chains from your heart and let yourself grow like the sweet flower you are...I know the answer  Just spread your wings and set yourself FREE

I never knew how joyous life could be until I saw your face.
My heart leaps like a hummingbird in flight every time I see you.
This is something I have never felt before, and it is you that inspires it.

When I think about you and our rich conversations, I feel a warmness inside.
I cannot hide my smiles, even when we are apart.
This connection is special, amazing, and I dare say, destiny.

Many have asked what happened to create this new and better me.
I tell them, without hesitation, it is you.
Sometimes I feel like my heart will burst with all the longing and excitement I feel when I think of you.
Looking forward to our next date, beautiful.
May each be better than the last if that is even possible.

At night, I lie down and imagine you are here with me.
I didn't know just how heavy this separation would be in my heart.
I hope you are not in as much utter misery as I am without you.
They say absence makes the heart grow fonder, and my fondness has no bounds.

I lie awake and feel the gentle warmth of your breath as it would fall on my cheek.
I imagine the heat of your body pressed against mine; the hardness of your muscles nestling against the softness of mine.
I turn and lay my head against the pillow, feeling your heartbeat drum a lullaby in my ear.
A thousand butterflies kiss at my skin, and I long to feel the softness of your lips.

While I know we will again be together, my yearning in your absence only cements the true depth of my passion.
Until I can see you and hold you again, you will remain omnipresent in my dreams.

Every word you confide in me, every wonderful and terrible moment you share with me, melts me inside.
You let yourself be vulnerable with me and trust me beyond my comprehension.
I never imagined I would truly find another who I would want to spend so much time with, who could truly touch my life the way you have, even without trying. I look forward to many more special moments together. When I see you, I see my future.

This is not just talk. It truly comes from the heart.
I am consumed by the desire to be with you, to talk to you and to feel you near me.
I want to hold you, talk to you, laugh with you, cry with you.
I want to play, walk, dance and just be one with you. I think you could become my everything. I know I want to be everything to you.

When we are together, I see the love in your eyes.
When you envision your future, do you see me in it, waiting with open arms?
I love you truly, madly, deeply, and I anxiously await your response.

After all these years we've been together, my heart still flutters when you walk into the room.
In my eyes, you grow more handsome with each passing year.
Everyone told us passion eventually fades when two people spend a lifetime with each other, but that's not true for us, is it?
I want you as much today as I did when our love was new, and everything you do shows me you feel the same way about me.

I only have to look at you, and that touch of gray at your temple makes me want to press my lips there and feel your pulse begin to beat a little faster.
I want to leave a trail of soft kisses across your cheek until I reach your full, perfect lips.
I want to kiss those lips so deeply it takes your breath away and thrills you with promises of pleasures to come.
For now, you can imagine what those pleasures might be, and tonight, I'll fulfill those promises.

My favorite part of the day is when I'm beside you. We don't have to be doing anything in particular. I just look forward to being by your side.

Everyone has a moment of the day they look forward to the most. For some, it's the first sip of wine, or when a good football game is on, or the time of day they get to sit in front of the TV.

You are the love of my lifealways in my thoughts and in my heart.

When I need strength, all I need to do is look in your eyes.

I would walk through fire to keep our love.

I found everything I was looking for when I met you.

You are my love.

I think of you throughout the day, and for no reason at all.

I am blessed to have you by my side.

Not only do you make my world a better place, you are my world.

Having you by my side makes every day a great day.

My problems somehow just vanish when you are beside me.

Your love is always on my mind. When I am away from you, I long to feel your touch, the warmth of your hand, the comfort of your arms, and the soft touch of your lips on mine. You make me so very happy. The more time I spend with you, the more I find myself falling deeper in love with you. I love youand I love us together.

You are the man beyond my dreams: the man I wanted to marry, the man I would marry again, the first one I think about when I wake up, and the last one I think about when I go to bed.

Thank you for being there with me through the very thick and thin moments of life. I cannot imagine my life without you.

Thank you for always being by my side. Together we are creating adventures we will someday share with our kids. I know when I need someone you will be there. Thank you for being the one I can count on and trust with even my darkest fears and biggest dreams. I would choose no one other than you to be my partner in life.

As a young girl, I had an image of being married to my prince charming. The kind that rides on a white horse, smells great, has a dashing smile, always has nice things to say to me, and is always tidy.

My wonderful husband, you are the man that I chose to be my dashing prince. I believe I have chosen well. You may not ride a white horse, and although your scent of bacon is not the worst, your smile definitely makes me smile. I have to add that your comments about my ass are very motivating. But please, honey, put the toilet seat down.

Even through my tears, I love you. I am not just with you, I love you and will always love you. Yes, you made me cry, and I have been to a point where I thought my heart was breaking. But even though my tears, I knew I forgive you, just as you have forgiven me at times, because you are my true partner in life.

I know I am in love because I see you every way I turn--no matter what I am doing. I know I want to be with you, not just with you, but share everything with you, too. Just being close to you is not enough for me. I want to be a part of you; A part of your life forever. I never have to wonder if you love me. You complete me--my heart and my soul.

You're my best friend, my lover, and my soul mate. You have been there and supported me like no one else has before. I'm lost without you. I love you more than life itself. There are no words I can say to truly tell you how much I really love you. I couldn't picture myself without you in my life. You are perfect for me in every possible way, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you.

You give me reason to strive for more of everything. I learn more and more from you every day. My heart is forever yours. I know saying, "I love you" is powerful, yet I feel it's not enough. My life was a wreck before now. I never thought it would change, but you came into my life and everything took a turn for the best. You show me the value of life. You give me the most amazing feelings inside. It feels great to actually love and be loved in return. We have been friends for over three years now, and I know we have only been dating for a short time now, but I know our love will last a lifetime. I can't wait until I am your wife. I love you with all my heart. I am yours forever.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              The time you left me was like a hot knife stabbing at my heart. People would pity me for they knew how much you meant to me. It was never pity I wanted, though. It was only you that I wanted. It was you that I wanted to talk to, to touch, and to hold. Everywhere, images and objects that related to you seemed to jump out at me more than ever. Every piece brought me closer to the feeling of being crushed, and every piece pierced my heart like the scythe from the Grim Reaper. I could not stop thinking of you. I could not stop having nightmares, and I could not stop longing for you.
But then, a miracle appeared out of nowhere. You returned from that distant place I loathed. Your voice sang like music, and your tone changed back to the same way it was the first time we started talking. My desires were quenched as I held you that night, as we held each other so warm and tight. Hot knives were pulled away and replaced by Cupid's darts. All wounds were mended with the warmth of your presence. All the depressing thoughts of the past were instantly washed away, for it seemed nothing but happiness would enter the gate to my heart. I want you to know, I will always be there for you. I will always protect you under my wings, for you mean so much to me. I want you to know that I am full of joy now, for I know you have come back to me.
Thanks for being there when I needed a shoulder to lean on, for patiently listening to the troubles of my heart. Baby, I just want you to know how happy I am to have you in my life, and I thank God for you every day. Thank you for the love and the joy you bring me. You've changed my life, and I love you.
You're the only guy who has given my heart any excitement and thrills. When I'm with you, I feel like I'm getting out of control! You taught me how to handle life seriously; you taught me how to solve my problems and to face them without any fear. When I'm with you, I have no fears; I don't have even a single one anymore.
I know that when you say you love me and I say, I love you, too, I know that I won't shed tears from now on. I love you, and that's what I want you to remember, and that's for keeps.
I don't know what a love letter should look like. I don't know the best words to use. What I do know, however, is that I love you more than anyone I have ever loved before.
I knew I was falling for you the very first time we met. That moment was years ago, but the sensations I felt then and the realizations I had at the time are just as fresh for me today, because you've continued to nurture me with so much love. If there's anything special in me, if there's anything wonderful, it's because you brought it to life, and you helped me grow. You've truly helped me to become the person I am today. Nothing is more wonderful or unconditional than our love.
Thank you for bringing love into my life. Thank you for loving me and for letting me love you. You are truly a blessing.
The past three years together have been so wonderful, so unforgettable, and so amazingly fulfilling. I cannot begin to tell you the way you have changed my life. Not only have you brightened my days and sweetened my dreams, but you have given me something that no one else could have given me--you have given me hope. With your tender love and encouraging words, you have given me a glimpse of a beautiful future. When I look at you and hear your voice, I know I am with a special human being. I know I am with the man I want to be with the rest of my life. Thank you for spending these years with me. Thank you for caring for me so completely and for sharing your life with me. I love you more than words can say!
