I know it is as difficult for you as it is for me to be separated for so long. Life seems to be full of trials of this type that test our inner strength and, more importantly, our devotion and love for one another. After all, it is said that true love is boundless and immeasurable and overcomes all forms of adversity. In truth, if love is genuine, it will grow stronger with each assault upon its existence.
Our love has been assaulted many times, and I am convinced that it is true love because the longer I am away from you, the greater my yearning is to be with you again. I cherish any thought of you, prize any memory of you that rises from the depths of my mind, and live for the day when our physical separation will no longer exist.
Until that moment arrives, I send you my tender love, my warm embrace, and my most passionate kiss-across the miles.
You have my heart and soul. I know the miles between us are great, but our love keeps us near one another. One day those miles will disappear, because I'll be in your arms forever. You have given me so much already. Your kiss is the sweetest thing. December cannot come quick enough for me. I love you with everything that I have within me.
I know these past five months have been really hard because we couldn't be together. We've both been strong, but the wait is almost over. We can soon spend the rest of our lives together, waking up to each other every morning. I love you with all my heart and soul. You are truly my angel and my guardian, now and forever.
The first day we were introduced through the Internet, I knew you were the one for me. With our first hello and our first goodbye, I believe we both knew it. It has been a little over 2 years now, and we are still deeply rooted in each other's hearts, minds, and souls.
Before we met, I had no idea what love really was and then my heart started aching for you. Now, each day we're apart, tears run down my face with longing to have you near me again. I never knew a man could have stolen my heart and made it truly his. I never knew I could love a man more than my own life until now.
I long for the day I can finally look into your kind, beautiful eyes and tell you how much I love you and need you. The true beginning of my life will be when you are here in May. Seeing you every day will bring the greatest joy to my heart, knowing you are finally in reach of me. The very thought of you here excites me in a wonderful way.
You are my every heartbeat, my every breath of life. What I need to survive and make it through this lonely world can only be conquered with you by my side. I do not think there are any words that could describe the way I actually feel about you. All I know is that you, dear, are the only man that is on my mind, the only man that is in my soul, the only man who truly and unconditionally has my heart for whatever lifetime this world has to offer us. When I think about you, my eyes start to tear up because I know you are somewhere else and not in my arms. But the thought of you keeps me going for another breath of fresh air and will keep me longing for you the rest of my life. I will never leave you, and I will truly never hurt you.
I admire you. You are my inspiration for anything and everything worthwhile on this cold, damp earth. I never thought my time would come to love, and then it came, and I was hit with so much emotion and power I did not know where to put it all. I have stacked it, piece by piece, in my heart for you. I truly believe you are my soul mate, and you are the only man I will give all I have to offer forever. I hope you never let go of me because I love you, and I trust you love me too as much as I love you. Sometimes I need to think about you to make myself happy when I am down, and just the thought of you brightens my day completely. Picturing your smile makes me smile, and I cannot wait to see the beloved man I know with his unforgettable smile. I treasure you, and keep you locked in the big steel safe of my heart. I love you, Sweetheart, and that is the only thing that is never going to change in my life. I am yours forever.
Hello there, my sweet love. How are you? I know it has been hard for you to be alone there, but remember one thing--I am always there in your heart. Think of me and my warmth will be the blanket to help you sleep peacefully in the night. Look to the evening sky, and when you see a sparkle from a shining star, that's me, thinking of how much I love you and miss you. Look to the moon, thousands of miles away from you, and I will be looking at the same moon-thinking of you.
I am struggling a lot here, through trials and tribulations, but I am doing fine, so don't worry, because you live in me and always will. Remember the first time I had to leave? The promises we made to each other? I am still keeping them. Just a few more months, and I will be back as a very successful person.
I fell in love with your deep, brown eyes, victimized by the spell they cast on me, and I still feel trapped now! Please don't ever let me go-as our love starts at forever and ends at never.
Yours and only yours forever.
Even though we are apart, my heart is always with you, and we are together. As long as we have the memories, yesterday remains. As long as we have hope, tomorrow awaits us. As long as we are still in love, each day is not a waste, and waiting will prove to be worthwhile.
I know we don't get to talk or see each other any more, but being apart for now doesn't change the way I feel about you. Sure I'm lonely, and sometimes I'm overwhelmed with this emptiness in my heart. Just remember that I love you and everything about you. That's what gets me through every minute of every day that I'm without you. Sweetheart, you don't know what I would give to kiss your lips, feel your touch, or even just to be you. I long to hold you and feel your sweet caress. I have never loved anyone as much as I love you.
You make me feel loved, you make me feel safe but, more importantly, you make me feel wanted. We both knew our friendship would grow from the first day we spoke. But neither one of us could begin to imagine the love we would both feel now, not dramatically exploding or thundering in our hearts, but slowly growing into a beautiful relationship that only you and I could understand. You are my soul mate, my best friend, my inspiration, and my true love.
I don't care if you forget our first kiss or our first date, just as long as you remember that I love you with every aching bone in my body and always will, no matter what. Having your love has been the best thing that has ever happened to me. I don't care what others say about you and me. All I know is that I love you and that will never change.
I am just lying here, looking at your pictures, looking forward to the day you and I meet, hoping and praying to God that He brings us together quickly.
I sit here pondering what life will be when you are actually beside me, sharing thoughts and ideas of what the future holds. You and I are hundreds of miles apart, yet I feel as if you are here right beside me, watching me, as I write this letter. Your passion spans distances unforeseen by the naked eye, reaching me in ways I never thought possible. Your spirit soars above me, watching over me like a protective angel.
I know I have made the right choice in proclaiming my love for you. I have no fears and no regrets, and I live for the day we will be together for the first time. I owe you an apology also for questioning you that one time. I promise you, I will not question your intentions again. You have proven to me your love for me is stronger and greater than distances could ever reach.
I am in love with you. I open my heart to you. I ask that you take my heart and treat it as if it were your own.
Ever since the first day we met, I knew you were the one for me. There was no doubt in my mind that we would be spending the rest of our lives together. The past few months have been difficult, especially since you're not here with me, but no matter how far away you are, I hope our love will continue to flourish and bloom in our hearts.
I await the day we get back together as I miss your tender touch, kiss, and most of all--your hands as you caress my body. I want the whole world to know that I love you and nothing will ever change that. There is no other man for me, and I hope there is no other woman for you. We were created for each other to ease each other's pain and sorrow and to replace our sadness with love and happiness. Come home soon!
When we first started talking online, I never would have thought that our loving and caring relationship could've blossomed this far, this fast! Don't get me wrong, Sweetheart. I love you, and spending as much time as I could with you before you make that move up her to Iowa has been the greatest few weeks of my life so far! I know that deep down, the time we spend together will only get better.
We wouldn't even know each other if it wasn't for that special friend in our lives who introduced us to each other, knowing that we deserved each other and that we could show each other how important life in general could be for us. Hopefully, our kids will always be a part of our lives as well as our online friends that we've gotten to know over the past several years on the Internet and then in real life.
I know deep down in my heart, you are the one for me and I don't ever want to lose you. Sweetheart, I love you and I'll always be in love with you! I know that you feel the same about me. We have been dealing with a lot of restless nights lately and waiting until we can be together finally. Just be patient, Babe, and God will bring us together. Thirty Roses for you, my dearest Love, to symbolize how long we have been together so far!
I love you with all my heart.
Do you know what it is like to look up into the velvet night sky, and yet not see the stars? Do you know what it is like to see the song birds sing their sweet music, and yet not hear their sound? Do you know what it is like to know your heart's inside you, and yet not feel its beat? Do you know what it is like to be in a crowd of people smiling, laughing, sharing their love together, and yet be all alone with no one around? Do you know what it is like when the light of your life has been extinguished, and you are left in absolute and complete darkness, frightened and alone? Do you know what it is like when the one you love so deeply and dearly is so far away? Your heart cries out their name and yet there is no reply.
All you want to do is hold them in your arms, and you cannot. All you desire to do is kiss their sweet lips, and you cannot. You long to hear their soft sweet voice as they whisper words of love to you, and you cannot. You just want them near, and they are not.
Their absence brings with it frustration and sadness. You question God that you cannot be with the one you love, and yet you thank Him completely for bringing that person into your life, all the while knowing that no amount of dreams or hopes or prayers can change the situation-the situation that is in the hands of the God you trust.
So, what do you do in such times? How do you keep your wits about you? How do you maintain some semblance of normal life, when all you can do is think about the person that you are so much in love with and who you would do or give anything just to be with? You feel lost somewhere between the cruel reality of life, and the dream-like fairytale that you wish to live in, and the only salvation is to be found in the arms of your beloved and that cannot happen.
Friends cannot comfort your soul. Thoughts only make your heartache worse. What do you do? You pray to God for the strength to see you through this situation, knowing that you will never fully be the person you were before when your love was here.
The mind is a whirlwind as your thoughts are tossed around like leaves in the wind. But the one thought that is constant and eats away at the core of your soul is a simple one: "When will I hear from you again? Will I ever hear from you again?" Time causes such thoughts to occur, over and over. It is only human. I am only human.
And so, I wait. For how long? Only time can tell. As I wait, it seems as though the hands of the clock move in reverse instead of forward. Each second that passes seems an eternity away from you. Time takes you further away from me instead of bringing you closer, and time is something that is beyond our control.
Oh, to be an angel, and have wings that I may fly into your arms at this very second! To taste your sweet kiss and feel your warm embrace. To love you, to have the pain of needing you, all vanish in your arms, as would snowflakes on a summer day. And to know that we would at last be together for all our days. Days spent lost in sweet heavenly love, such as we have never known.
My darling, how is it that love can be so wonderful, and yet hurt so badly? Such pleasure in knowing and feeling your love for me, and such mortal pain in being apart from the one that I love so deeply, so dearly, so passionately.
Darling, you know the old saying that applies to being away from someone important that goes: "Out of sight, out of mind"? But, my love, every "old saying" has an opposite maxim. This one is: "Absence makes the heart grow fonder." Just when I think it is not possible to be more in love with you, I discover that I am more in love with you than ever before.
Good night, my love. And never doubt that with each breath that I take, I love you more. I love you.
It has been almost four months since I met that person online that truly took my heart away, but now it seems that it was more than that. Time flies faster and gets deeper and greater. We've continued communicating and fixed a regular chatting schedule once a week just to share each other's thoughts and dreams. We even manage to send e-mails and off-line messages. Once we've gotten a chance, we love to call each other whenever possible and that makes the relationship stronger, giving me the thoughts that it will definitely last forever, even if sometimes I think that distance would be of great hindrance and destroy us.
I love the way you put in every effort that you can to make everything work out for us. The very thought that somebody like you would always be there to lend me some of his time just to make me happy and complete is amazing. I really appreciate it, even though there are times when I know things are getting rougher for you where you are. I am not sure how long you can be there for me, but I just wish it could be forever.
You are my fantasy, my true love, and my dream. I am so scared that things will soon be over between us, and I'm not sure if I could handle that, because I am so used to having you in my life now. You make everything worthwhile, you make me believe in dreams and that they are really free and grabbing hold of them is only a matter of faith, persistence, and confidence.
Thanks for everything. Thank you for giving me a chance to meet and love a dreamer that has been there for me for a long while. I am wishing I can always hold on to you and hope never to lose you and that we can make all our dreams into reality soon.
My dearest friend, you mean the world to me. I can hardly believe that we have only known each for five weeks. The more we talk, the more I get to know the "real you." It takes my breath away to think about the feelings you have for me and that I have for you. I look forward to seeing you in New Orleans in July. I am sure that being with you will bring me both joy and contentment and that our life will only get better once we meet. I believe our feelings will only grow there with each passing day, and I hope that no matter what happens, we will both be happy with one another. That would mean more to me than anything.
You're always lighting up my heart with the things you do and say. I feel so happy just being with you this way. You're my cuddly bear, and will forever be the love of my life. Please, never give up, always have faith in yourself, and you will gain the greatest gifts of all, the gifts of hope and love you so rightly deserve.
Every time I think of you, my heart skips a beat. You're the inspiration for my dreams! Every moment we share, we grow closer. I'm simply hanging by the moment, waiting to see you again and have you hold me so tightly that all else fades. I thought after you left you might fade from my mind, but I wake up every day still dreaming of our time together.
I will never forget you. I hope you still remember me, too. I love you with all that I am, all that I was, and all that I will ever be. I can't wait to be with you, see your smile, look in your eyes, feel your sweet touch, and kiss your perfect lips. If our time together could express my love for you, then we will be together longer than forever and a day. I really love you, Honey Bear.
Having your love has been the best thing that has ever happened to me. I have never loved anyone as much as I love you. Every day, when I awake from a dream of us together, I thank God I found you and wonder what I have done to deserve such a loving, caring, wonderful man.
Everything about you is so perfect. I know you must have some imperfections, but in my eyes, everything you do just seems flawless. The way you express your love to me brings tears to my eyes! I feel so loved. I only need to think about you to have all my troubles melt away. I want to spend my whole life with you, loving you, and receiving your love in return. I long to hold you and feel your sweet caress.
The miles that lie between us will soon disappear, and then we will have each other every day. I don't care what others say about you and me. All I know is that I love you and that will never change.
Thank you for loving me the way you do. I couldn't ask for anything more in a man!
My angel, my all, I almost lost myself in my dream tonight about us. Knowing that I am far away from your embrace, I cannot stop staring at the first evening star, knowing that you are also looking at it with your own lovely eyes. Let me share a kiss with you as you read these words, my beloved. So many dreams have gone to waste for every moment we're apart, and all I ever have are the words from my own heart to send you. Let my pen draw you closer to me, my angel, so that I can clearly picture you on this writing tablet as I write your name on it, over and over again. No longer do I have justification for my own life, but your goals are more reasons now for me to utter a prayer for another tomorrow. I will soon be with you, my love. It may not be tonight or tomorrow, but I promise you, when you hear our song again-that will be the day we will be together again.
I am eternally yours.
I wish I didn't have to miss you. If only you could be with me always, I know I could never be any happier. But then again, I know that the day will come when I will be able to spend my every waking moment with you, and I won't have to lose any more sleep over you. But then, I even miss you when I am sleeping because you are in my dreams! I love you, Babe. You are my first and only love. Hopefully, soon I won't have to miss you anymore. Blowing you a kiss--Whooo!
I do not like to be so far away from you. It is lonely, and I miss you so much that I cannot sleep. I want you near me at night so that I can feel your warmth. I feel safe and peaceful in your arms, and that is where I want to be.
You say that you are missing me, too. Three weeks seems like eternity to me. I have marked a calendar and will cross out each day. There are twenty more to go before I will be with you again. Talking on the phone does help, so please keep on calling. I love hearing your voice, especially when you say you miss me and that you love me.
But speaking on the phone and writing letters are not as wonderful as seeing your smiling face and holding you.
I just want you to know that I am very fortunate and very lucky to have you in my life. You're the best thing that has ever happened to me. You made me very happy and you made my life complete.
The first time I saw you in person was the best time of my life. You are the one who taught me how to love again. You gave me so much love and happiness. Keep in mind that whatever happens, "You are my one and only love." I love you with all my heart and soul.
Thank you, my love, for loving me and for giving me a chance to show you how much I love you and how much you mean the world to me. I know we're a thousand miles apart right now, but I'll be right here waiting for you, my love. I love you always and forever.
From the day we met, I knew that you would hold my heart in your hands and you do that now-you completely own me, every part of me. When I think of you, my heart is so full of love and desire for you that I can hardly contain myself. I want to spend every minute of every day with you and know what if feels like to hold you close to me. Whenever you think of me, please know that no matter how many miles separate us, you are, and always will be, the love of my life, and I will never love anyone as much as I love you again. I thank heaven every day for letting me meet you and for falling in love with you because I know that love could never be perfect any other way. I love you with all that I am.
You don't know how much I love you! You are the best boyfriend any girl could ever ask for. Whenever I have a problem and need some comfort or advice, you are there for me. It is you who I want to spend the rest of my life with. I want to have your children one day too. You don't know how much I appreciate you, admire you, trust you, respect you, and unconditionally love you.
I believe this is true love, and you are the one for me. Being away from you drives me crazy and makes me want to be with you right at that very moment. When I think of this separation as a test, then I can deal with it. If this is what it takes to finally be with you one day, then I will go through it. Well, Honey, I am going to end this letter by telling you that I love you more than anything in this world. Remember that for now. I love you so much.
I love you with the deepest passion and I wish we could see each other every day but I know that you're so far away. It hurts me to know how I sometimes can be a little selfish when it comes to you, but, Girl, I'm in the deepest love for you!
Did you know that I think about you at night wishing you were here? I love you, my beautiful Purple Queen. I want you to know how I feel. We really need to talk but then again I don't know. My heart bleeds blood for you and I can't see. My stomach hurts and my head is throbbing but I want you to know more than anything that I miss you.
Forever in love with you,
How are you, my dear, are you tired, are you ok? I always ask you lots of questions, not because I just am curious, but because every question comes from inside my heart. We are so far apart from each other, and I try so much to be with you. This is difficult, but nothing on earth can make me lose my true love for you.
Although we've never met in person, I still truly love you. I don't really know when I first started to love you. Maybe it started with sending e-mails back and forth every day, opening with a "good morning" or ending with a "good night" with a lot of feeling. Then, one day, I found myself loving you and couldn't stop that feeling. Just knowing you more and more each day, and seeing how you understood everything I did, I started to love you more and more. Every time you say "Hi," you brighten my life.
Distance is a problem now, but if we look at it from a different point of view, we will know this is the thing that can only prove our true love, not end it. It won't be long before every dream will come true, and we will smile with a tear of happiness together. We'll talk about the past in our home together with our little daughter who you wanted to stay with me-the little girl who has black hair like you, blue eyes like me, and your smile. I wait for the day we are together again, as I know you do too. I love you with all my heart.
I miss you.
Many times I have thought that life was so unfair. I know there are reasons why we can't be together. Reasons that no one knows, but they will not affect my love for you, and I will not forget you. You really don't know how much I love you and care for you, but there is nothing more I can do about it now. Even though we're apart, this will not be the end of our commitment. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me in my entire life.
Always remember that I really treasure your love for me. I truly love you.
I know we can't be together right now, we're just too far apart, and I understand that. I also know that logically you will probably never actually see this letter, either. But the same part of me that knows we will be together always, regardless of the way things are right now, believes you will somehow find this letter.
I love you with every part of my being. I love you wholly and selflessly, and I know I am nothing without loving you. I will wait for you always, and I have loved you since the day I met you. That night in my car, in the first ten minutes when we got to know each other on the way to that party, I knew you were the right one. I had been hurt so much before, I didn't think I even believed in that fairy tale of love anymore, but you made me believe in it again, without even knowing it. I know now that somehow we will be together always, and I will one day be with you again. I look forward to nothing more than spending the rest of my life trying to make you as happy as you make me. I love you more than words could ever say, and with that I end my love letter to you.
As the day fades away and the night slips upon me, I find myself clinging to my prayers for comfort. Every night I pray to God that he will keep you in His arms. I pray He will keep you out of harm's way until we can finally be together again.
Sometimes, it seems so unfair that they kept you longer than they said they would. I realize, though, when you love a soldier you cannot expect life to be dependable. You asked me what I wanted to do about us. Well, my love, I do not want our relationship to end, that's for sure.
Just because we will not be able to see each other for a long time is no reason for us to give up hope. If you really love someone, the time and distance apart should not make a difference. Two years is not that long--relatively speaking. I will continue to wait for you. I wouldn't care how long I had to wait. I would wait forever, if that's what it took. So now you have my answer. I love you. I hope you feel the same way I do.
Many years and many miles have kept us apart for so long that it is hard to believe we have found each other again. Now we must make time disappear and miles grow shorter. Our love started at forever and will end at never. It's our turn to make each other happy. We have grown older and matured rapidly; let's spend the rest of our lives together. Through trials and tribulations my love will be true, so please know that I am there for you, whenever you say the word. I understand that there are many things to be worked out, many things that need to change. I just don't want to waste any of the valuable time we have left together. I love you with all that I am.
I am still wondering if I am dreaming or what? How do I deserve all of this love? What is it in me that makes you treat me so kindly? I can't get any answers!
All I know is that I am thankful you have come into my life and made me feel so loved! I keep hoping that this will never end. Being loved by you is the only thing I need now. When you hold me in your arms, I pray that the moment will never end! I need you once again to show me there's hope in love. Thank you for that. I am missing you terribly now. Tell me what I can do to bring you to me now, to fall into your arms, to hear you say you love me and to see your smile when you look at me. Thank you for loving me and, last but not least, I love you too! I really do.
Never did I imagine that I would ever meet you, especially in the form of a chat friend. A year later I am leading my life as your fianc&eacute;, which I never would have thought of this same time last year.
Fate has got her own reasons for us to meet and come this far, but I hope our love will continue to flourish, even beyond the depth it is right now. Distance may be the reason we sometimes think we cannot handle this relationship, but I am sure our love for each other is stronger than we know.
I am writing this letter now to tell you that my love for you is so real that I can't find the right words to describe my feelings for you. At the same time I would like to thank you for all your patience while our relationship went through high waves and over hard rocks. My love for you has grown so strong that I could never imagine a life without you now.
I will always be yours, no matter what challenges the world offers us. My heart will always yearn for your love and care. I will love you forever.
I miss you.
Since the first day you told me you loved me, I could hardly believe it. As each day passed and our love grew stronger, my mind did not lose the wonder of having you love me. You've stayed with me through all the ups and downs so far.
I may not be the surest of men, always knowing what to do, or the right decisions to make, but I learn quickly. I want this to last. I don't want our love to burn out because of my mistakes. I believe God has sent you to me, and for that I thank Him from the bottom of my heart. You are truly a blessing in my life. You've taken my heart and wakened it from a deep sleep. I see how much you care, and I feel like I can fly. You are lifting my heart and inspiring it with yours, and it's the best feeling in the world.
I sit here, thinking of you, and how I love you, and how you make my heart beat. I could never have thought that I would feel this way about anybody. I just love you so much. I don't know how it happened, and frankly I don't even care. I just want to have you in my arms again, to love you, and to have you love me. I promise I'll love you forever and never leave you.
This may be starting to sound like a poem, I don't know; it must be the rhythm of my heart that's calling for you. I just want to tell you and the world that you are in my heart and in my every thought. I love you with everything I have and hold dear. You mean more to me than anything, and I miss you so much. You're probably sleeping now, but when you wake up, this will greet you. I'm pouring my heart out to you in this letter. Can you feel how I feel for you now, my one and only love? You mean the world to me. I'll always be faithful and never leave you.
I've done what I've wanted for so very long now--I've told you how I truly feel about you. But once I press this "send" button, you will know how deeply I love you, my angel. I'll hold you in my heart forever.
I know you will never read this, but I want everyone to know that I love you with all my heart and soul. You make me feel like I can fly. I'm in love with you and, even though I am thousands of miles away from you, I am forever by your side.
You have imperfections just like everyone else, I'm sure, but that is why I love you. You make me laugh; you make me cry tears of joy. I truly could not live my life without having you to talk to and to confide in. You know more about me than anyone now. You know my thoughts, you know my heart inside and out, and you have a way of making my heart skip a beat, too. I want you and the whole world to know that I love you and that I will be yours forever.
Thank you for showing me what kind of love all women deserve, but most never have.
The feelings of love that I hold in my heart for you run deeper than any ocean or sea. I just wish you could know how much you mean to me. If only you could hold me, then maybe you would feel my love and how it burns for you. If only you could hear my heart beat, then maybe you would understand the language of love it speaks to you. If only you could kiss me, then maybe you would taste my love for you. If only you could look into my eyes, the window to my soul, then you would know how true and honest my words are to you now!
If you want me as your true love as much as I want you as mine, then let it be. I give you my heart and ask nothing more and nothing less than that you don't break it. My love and trust are all I have to give to you, sealed with honesty. As time goes by, may they grow stronger and fulfill whatever your heart may desire.
If it pleases you, call me your love from this day forward, as I call you mine. I am your love and your best friend, too. As our bodies, minds, and souls combine, so do our hearts become one.
Hear this, my declaration of love from me to you. I love you, my angel, with all my heart, and I will never stop loving you. You are my life; you are everything to me. Though distance may keep us apart for the moment, you are embedded deep within my heart.
From the very first moment I saw you across the room, I knew you were my destiny. No man had ever captured my attention so fully or made my heart skip a beat the way it did that chilly February night. Your smile lit up the entire room, your laughter was delightfully contagious, and your mere presence warmed my heart and soul. I had no doubt you were the man God made especially for me.
I want to thank you for that late night talk in the rain. You might have thought it was crazy then, but now you know it has ensured our future with an everlasting memory. Thank you for the conversation on the recliner in the sunroom and for asking me to be yours that night. Most importantly, thank you for falling in love with me and making me your wife. No matter how quickly our courtship passed, I know that standing before God and family and vowing to be your partner for life was the easiest decision I ever made.
After only ten days as man and wife, we suddenly found ourselves divided by thousands of miles of sand and sea--separated by your service to our great nation and a war that could not wait. We've been apart for over seven months now. Each day that passes me by only makes my love for you grow stronger. Though we may struggle through our separation, please remember my love for you knows no boundaries and will continue to stretch across any ocean and over every grain of sand between us to get to you.
I may be your wife, but you are my life. No war or distance can ever keep me from my destiny. I miss you so much, and I will be here with open arms when you come home to me where you belong.
Loving you now and forever,
I think of you all the time. You are so far away, yet so close in my heart. My heart and my body yearn for you. I love you unconditionally. I accept your daughter, who will become mine, and any other little ones that will come from us. For the first time I have purpose. For the first time I have found a family.
I have read all about you and your zodiac sign and it is a good one. You are perfect for me. You excite me so much. I look forward to each day, so that I can come there and spend time with you. Last night I dreamed of you--I could picture you with me and it was so vivid. I hope I will always be yours. I am truly lucky to have found such a dear, sweet, loving person as you, an Aquarian, not just a woman, but a beautiful, sensual woman who arouses thoughts of such unbridled passion in me, and the desire to give myself to you completely. I remain yours forever. Time will pass and I know we will stay together.
I know sometimes we fuss and fight. I know sometimes things don't go right. I know sometimes I can frustrate you, and sometimes you get me mad. I know that you're my better half. I know without you I'm incomplete and that tomorrow you won't be here with me, but you know that no matter what, you will always have a key to my heart.
We might be miles away for a while. I might not get to hear you laugh, or even watch you sleep but, Darling, did you know that one true test of love is distance? It is said that distance brings people closer together.
I know that even if I have to shed a tear every day until you come back, I will. If I have to hide myself from the world, I will. I will do anything I can just to make sure that when you come back to me you will know that my love is pure and true.
You are a blessing that my entire being is thankful for. I feel that we were made to love, listen, understand, and work together through all the ups and downs in our lives. I know there are many more special occasions and moments that are coming to surprise us and bring us closer together.
You are my soul mate and nothing and no one else feels more right for me than you do! I will love you eternally and unconditionally. I miss you more than words can say, and my love will reach any distance to be in your heart each day we cannot be together. I physically long for you each night and will see you in my dreams until we find ourselves wrapped in the love that grows stronger and deeper each day. I believe in you and have faith in you and in our future together.
I Long to see you again.
I am counting the days till you come back to me and you are in my arms again. The days seem longer than usual since you went overseas. I know that I should write only cheerful letters, and I will try. I do want you to know, however, that you are sorely missed. Your parents and I stay in touch. We talk about how we will welcome you home when your tour of duty ends.
We all pray that you are kept safe from harm and get the mail and packages that we send you. I would like to wrap myself in a box and mail myself to you. Wouldn't that be fun?
Stay safe and know that I love you with all my heart.
I remember the day we met like it was only yesterday! You took my heart at a glance, and I knew you were the one I wanted to spend forever with. That smile of yours just put me in a daze. I am so happy I have you in my life. I couldn't ask for anything else in this entire world because I found all I ever wanted or needed in you! The times we shared together are times I will always cherish! I am looking forward to all the happy moments together we will have in the future!
The day you had to leave to go overseas is also a day I will never forget, because that day, my love, you took with you my heart and soul. You looked at me with that smile on your face and promised everything would be fine--you said the Navy put us together and would keep us together until the end of time! We held each other tight with tears in our eyes. We didn't want to let go, but the time came to say goodbye. I hugged and kissed you and told you, "I love you." You held me so tight that day and looked into my eyes and said, "I love you, and I will come back to you." I got in our car and just sat there, and the tears wouldn't stop. I looked up from the steering wheel and surprise! You ran back to me! You kissed me one last time and said, "Believe me, I will be back."
This is a cost I know I have to pay, my love. I know there will be other times you will have to go away, and the pain will not stop until I have you back by my side. Fight for our country, then hurry back home to your loving wife! I love you and I miss you!
We all want you back again, safe and sound. You are serving your country, and I am proud of you for that.
I miss your kisses and your arms around me. Every day I miss you more and more. I hope I can see you again soon, but until I do, I will keep you in my prayers and in my heart. Remember that I love you and that I always will. We are the lucky ones because we found each other again, and we are able to love each other more than we ever have before. I can't wait to see you again. It's only been a little over a week, but already I know that I cannot be away from you and from our love so long. I love you with all my heart!
I wish I could speak to you every day, but the times you do call or when we get a letter are wonderful! Talking to you makes me feel good for at least a day or two afterwards, and I read your letters over and over again!
I appreciate it when you try to cheer me up. There you are serving our country in the middle of shocking events and still you try to make me feel safe! You are unbelievable and so special! I will love you always.
Please take care of yourself and don't worry about me.
I am really proud of everyone who is serving in the armed forces. It makes me feel good just to tell people that I know you. You and thousands of others who stepped forward to defend our nation are brave and honorable citizens.
Please let me know if there is anything at all I can do for you here. I would be happy to visit your parents if you like. Just let me know. I am adding my email address and my cell phone number below if you ever get a chance to contact me.
You know you are in my prayers.
You have been overseas for a while now, and every day I miss you more. I hope you know the children and I love you very much.
When you get another chance to read your email, you will be able to see pictures of your family. We love you and miss you here at home.
After I call the children together to pray every night, first we look at the family picture we had taken before you left first. Then we fold our arms and ask God to protect you and bring you home soon.
Please take care, my love. Everybody misses you here.
Neither one of us expected to be separated this long. We knew you could be sent away to fight in that war, but neither one of us really thought it would happen. But now it has, and I am so lonely without you, but proud of you, too.
I miss you very much, but the career you've chosen is an honorable one. I don't think there is anything more important or worthwhile than protecting your family and defending your country. I know you feel that way, too.
We love you and miss you so very much.
Oh, how I miss you, my wonderful sweetheart! The military has taken you far away from your home and from me. Yes, I do get lonely, but I think of how difficult it is for you there, and then I scold myself for being selfish.
Please don't worry about me. I am okay. I want you to think only of taking care of yourself and of coming back home soon.
I love you very much.
You don't need to worry about me and the kids. We are fine except for missing you, and we will go on missing you until you come home again.
I have my job to do here taking care of the children, and you have your job to do there, which is just as difficult.
I worry about your commitment to defend our country during these difficult times, but I really am proud of you.
The kids and I love you and miss you, so please take care of yourself.
I realize that we can't be together, but I will be here for you when you return. In the meantime, I know that you are in God's hands and that He watches over you. I pray every day and night that He will always watch over you. I miss talking to you and listening to your voice. I miss your hugs, your kisses, and your sweet ways of showing how much you love me. I have never been in love with anyone the way I am in love with you. I feel free when I am near you. You let me be me and make me feel so special.
I know God has something good in store for us, because He is a loving God. When we are in each other's arms again, He will shower us with His incredible love.
I miss you and our children miss you, too. Our son and daughter talk about their Dad every day. We include you in our nightly prayers, which we say with your photograph nearby. We all talk about how we will shower you with hugs and kisses when you come home. We sometimes argue over who will run up to you first when we see you at the station. We all agree that we will spoil you and never allow you to be out of our sight.
With God watching over you, we know that you are in the best of hands.
I love you from now until death do us part. Right now, you are living so far away from me I feel it is killing me, but I know in my heart that we are doing the right thing. You are just trying to get things straight so we can live there forever and spend a lifetime together. I want you to know that I love you from the depths of my heart. My love for you is unconditional. My love for you is so strong and the most powerful feeling that I have had in a long time. I am just at a loss for the right words when it comes to you. I just wish there was another way that we could be together without living so far apart now. I want you to know that I love you and always will. There is nothing that will ever change how I feel about you. I love you--I truly do.
I went to bed last night with a vision of you next to me. I slept like a log all night because I felt you were with me. When I awoke this morning to see if it were real or a dream, reality hit me that it was only a dream. Very soon, though, I know you will really be right next to me, and that I will not have to only dream of it again because you will be right there so we can hold, hug and squeeze each other tight. I long to be there with you now, so that I can help build and support your life there, and so that we can accomplish a lot together as husband and wife.
Though the miles separate us, the bond we have is far stronger. You are the very one I have spent all these years looking for. You make me smile. You make me laugh. You make me whole. I cannot describe the giddy feeling I have when you are near or even when you just cross my mind. I am so amazingly happy and content when I'm with you, I want to spend forever in your life, in your world, in your family, and in your arms.
You came into my life not too long ago, and I didn't think too much of it. We were friends and we got along well, but I never imagined I'd be falling so hard for you. The more I got to know you, the more often I wanted to be with you. You always made me smile, and without you I was very different. You changed me in so many ways. I wanted to wake up in the morning to see what life was going to throw at me each and every day. After we became closer and were talking all the time, you told me you had to leave. You had to go back home, and you couldn't stay any longer.
That night I thought about telling you what lay within my heart, but I decided not to. Your friendship meant so much more to me. You are coming back to visit soon, and I can't help but think about you all the time now. Every morning when I wake up, then during the day, and before I go to sleep, you are always on my mind and even in my dreams. I wish you knew how strongly I felt and that I am falling in love with you.
One day I will tell you, but for now I will only see you in my dreams and hold you close to my heart. I love you so much. I can't wait to see you again!
Where would I be if I hadn't met you? I'll tell you where--I would still be lonely, looking for that special someone to make me smile again. We found each other at just the right time. If I had met you earlier in life, I don't think I could have appreciated you as much as I do now. Everything that I have been through in the past year has only prepared me to meet you.
The distance that is between us now is only going to make our love stronger, so there is less of a chance that we will take each other for granted. The weeks that we are apart, I look forward to the day that we will be together again. I am already looking forward to the next time that I get to see your handsome face.
The love that we share is never-ending and powerful. I thank God every day that someone loves me as much as you do. It is a once in a lifetime thing! I love you and the way you make me feel. I love you with all my heart and soul. The great thing is, I know you love me just as much as I love you, and your love is true and not to be taken lightly.
Honey, you have changed my life completely. You're the one who makes me beautiful. You're the one who makes me strong. You're the one who makes my life so important. You're everything to me.
You show your love to me every day and even every minute when we are chatting. How lucky I am to find a man like you. Thank God above for us! Honey, please forgive me for not being able to spend enough time chatting with you now, but I promise I will compensate for it one day with the thing that you want the most. You know what I think that is? A family. A family that belongs to us; a family who we can share our ups and our downs with, who we can stay together with till we die. Honey, that's the best I can give you. I hope it is what you want the most.
I really wish that you were near me, and when I need help, you could appear and help me. I want to do the same for you, too, but knowing that you love me is enough and, if I can be your wife and your children's mom, then this would make me proud for the rest of my life. Remember, you need to take care of all of us, so you've got to take good care of yourself too. Ti Amo tesoro mio, you're the only one that I want.
Happy anniversary! I'm writing this letter to remind you that I love you. I know that things have been a bit hard for us lately, and we have both hurt each other, but I really do believe that it will be okay now.
I love you more than I can say. You are the most important thing in the world to me, and I would do anything for you. You make my life complete and I am only happy when we are together.
I know that we can't be near each other at the moment, but if we just put up with being apart for a bit longer, it will all work out, and it'll be worth it in the end. I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I want us to grow old together. I hope this is only the beginning.
Remember, our love is the link that holds our two hearts together. If I could put into words how you make me feel when I think of you, and how much you excite me when I hear your sweet voice, I would be talking forever! You're all that I need and want, Honey. I live for the day that I can sit next to you and whisper into your ear and tell you that I love you, and kiss you ever so lightly, but passionately, on your lips, and to look into your beautiful eyes as you take my breath away. I live for that first look into your eyes, that first passionate kiss, that first embrace, and that first time that we make love together. I live to love, to spend a lifetime with you as your wife and to grow old with you, loving you for all time, from now to eternity. I love to love you.
What further words can describe what we have together? For our love to grow as it has this past year, I fed it with every beat of my heart. Words can no longer describe it, only the feeling and emotion we have for each other can express it now. You have always had the key to my heart, and your spirit inside my heart has made me more than I can ever be. Though the sea separates us till that special day, I know we take each breath together with every beat of our hearts. I love you with all that I am.
Our love started over the Internet and everything seemed almost perfect then. We had never met, but the love we felt was so big and true, even then, and could only become complete by meeting each other.
The very first day I saw you in person, we said, "hello," immediately felt the thrill of that love and held one another so tightly. We didn't want to let go, and time stood still. We had a perfect day, and we knew it could only get better and better if we held, kissed, and hugged one another. After that moment, we never went through a day without saying how much we loved and needed each other and would for the rest of our lives.
Being far away from you is difficult. Not sharing every day with you and not being able to hold you whenever I want hurts so much, but I know that at the end of all this pain, I will find you again. You stood by my side when things were good, and when they were bad, you listened and hugged me saying, "Everything's gonna be okay." And it was.
I know we'll have a great life together, and I can't wait for us to be with each other every day now, sharing everyday problems and joy, without having to leave one another's side. Fate is putting us through this, but we'll come out of it all shining, as the love we feel for each other is hard to find.
I'm proud of the person you are. I love the way you treat me and everyone else. I'm proud to be with someone like you, the sweetest and most caring guy I've ever known. Don't ever change, Honey, as you're perfect--we're perfect for each other and it will be like this for the rest of our lives.
I am just writing you to let you know how much I love you. We have many miles separating us, but I know we'll make it through. You mean the world to me, and no one can ever compare to you. I think about you all the time, and wake up thinking of you and go to sleep thinking of you. Your name repeats over and over in my mind. Your very name, Matthew, means "gift of the Lord," as you have actually been to me. Each day my love grows stronger, so I know my love for you will never fade. These miles between us won't fade either, but I know that our love will keep us together. It's so odd for us to be so far away from each other, but yet so close in spirit. I love you, Babe.
The sadness I have is really indescribable. Your moving so far away because of business is the worst thing that could have happened to us. It is as though a large wedge was put between me and the person that I care for the most. I am fighting the existence of this great distance between us, and it strikes me hard because I miss you so very much. Not seeing you often and knowing you are many hours, not minutes away, breaks my heart. I don't like the distance and just thinking of the many days before we see one another again makes me cry.
I write this so that you can read it when you, too, feel lonely. I love you with all my heart and soul. All that I am, I owe to you. You are with me in spirit every moment of each day, and I hope that you feel my loving presence where you are.
When we first met, I didn't even consider that you were real. You were just a pixel on a screen. We talked more, and then I became confused. "How I could I have real feelings for a person I've never met?" I'd ask myself. Since then we have met. I will never forget the first time I looked into your eyes, and it was at that very moment I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you. In your eyes, I saw everything I needed to know. It's been seven months now. Things have not been easy. We've had our ups and downs but, through it all, I do know what we have is so very real.
Although we've never met, I feel as if I know you well. I knew from the start that there was something special about you; you touched my heart and haven't let go of it. Our relationship has given me a lot of dreams, and now I feel hope. You entered my thoughts and magically erased all of my fears with your sweet and caring ways. Now I look forward to each day and feel so much at ease with you. I'm so grateful that we're able to share our problems and aspirations with each other. It truly seems as if you're a part of me now, as if our time together was a union of souls. The thought of you fills me with smiles, and I can't wait to hug you each day.
Being apart from you again is like feeling death in slow motion. I think of how things could have been, if only we had gotten married. But what can we do about it now? Pray for peace. I'm lost without you and can't think about anything but what our destiny could be. Suddenly, I close my eyes and imagine your hands caressing my face, fearing that you'll feel the tears running down my cheeks. I know you're hurting as much as I am, but I don't want you to feel sorry for me. I love you, and I'm not sorry for loving you. You have given me so much happiness, and I know you love me now in your own great way. I miss you so much, and the fear of losing you is driving me crazy. Don't let our love die because of the distance, nor let our faith fade away. I'm waiting for you to come back to my arms, and make the sun shine once again on these stormy times.
