I have been thinking a lot lately about what went wrong and what makes me feel so awful. I was just so head-over-heels falling in love with you that I did some foolish things, but I just couldn't help trying anything to win back your attention.
Sometimes I feel you don't give me all your attention when we speak. I know you have been busy and have a lot of pressure at work. I'm just not used to it. I mean, you seem quite cold. Whenever we chat, I just want to have your attention. I also realize that I need to pay more attention to your needs. I am sorry for what happened and I really want you back. I want things to be as they were.
I know that I've hurt you, so I'm asking for your forgiveness and hope that we can start over again. I really cherish those moments when everything was going great. I can hardly take the reality of losing you. I need you in my life again. I'll call soon.
Sorry for the late response.
I pondered what went wrong the last time we chatted. I wasn't really expecting a sudden burst of emotion from you. Perhaps I responded too harshly.
I perfectly understand the way you feel. You are a very interesting woman with a kind heart, and from the day we met I felt affection towards you. That feeling grew even stronger until I found myself longing for you. I thought it was only a fling between two lonely people who needed special affection, caring, and attention; however, it's become more as the days have gone by. I fell in love with you. Your kindness, warmth, sweetness, respect, and trust in me was there until last Friday when you shut me completely out! Now I feel sorry for myself for the way I acted.
I am so sorry if I hurt your feelings and gave the impression I don't respect you. I do respect you. I want to try to win back your affection.
Let's start again and have more happy memories.
I know that I'm not perfect, but I know that I don't want to give you up. I have waited too long to hold you in my arms. I know that we belong together. I love you a lot, and I know that you know that. I guess I just need to vent and let you know how I feel. Please don't take my venting the wrong way. I do love you and don't want to break up with you. That would just make me even more imperfect than I already am.
Since the day we met, I've grown deeply in love with you. My love for you becomes so overwhelming that I can't handle it when I don't see or talk to you! You make me feel wonderful. You give me strength when I can't carry on. You make me smile and laugh a lot, and I truly treasure that.
I apologize straight from my heart for ignoring you and being rude to you, even when you make an attempt to make me feel better. You are a very patient man, and I thank you for that. I don't ever want to take advantage of your patience, not ever. I know I over-react a lot, and I'm sorry for my part in the quarrels.
You are the most wonderful thing that has EVER happened to me. Until now, I never thought I would find a love that is as strong as yours. But now that we've found each other, I've changed my mind. You are the person I want to marry. Together we can raise children, and we can spend the rest of our lives together. Baby, you complete me. You make my life so brilliant that I don't know how else to repay you but to love, care, and support you more and more as time goes by. You're the one and only star in my sky. You make me feel very beautiful. Thank you for giving me so much.
I can't imagine what it would be like if we were to lose each other. I don't even want to think of it, Baby. All I want to think of is you. You are the love of my life. May God bless your beautiful soul. From the bottom of my heart, I love you and I am sorry for upsetting you.
I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me and let yourself believe in me and in my love for you. I know I don't make things easy for you. Sometimes my overwhelming feelings for you frighten me and I run, but my heart always brings me back because I love you. Forgive me and I will never leave your side again.
I'm sorry for what I did to you. I'm really ashamed of what I've done. The truth is that I love you. I can never think clearly or make a decision without you. I am nothing without you. Together we had a started a new life.
At times I do get selfish and rude, but I don't mean to be that way. I always want to see you happy. Sometimes I do silly things to make you laugh and feel happy so that you would know that I care for you.
Ups and downs are a part of life. You shared each and every part of your life with me as I did with you, so why do we quarrel? It frightens me. Why do we hurt each other's feelings? We promised not to let any tears come into each other's eyes. You are a part of my soul, a part of me, and I feel that I am a part of you.
I love you and want to be with you.
I sit here in sorrow, wishing I could hold you. I've realized that there is no one to replace you since I made the foolish decision to leave you. No one can make me laugh and smile like you do. You are the only one that ever made me so happy. No one could ever take your place. I feel as if my soul has stolen my heart and left me to cry myself to sleep each and every night with guilt in my heart for how I have hurt you. I guess I did not realize I had until I lost it. I was so stupid to leave you. I know "sorry" is just a word but I am very sorry. I beg with every ounce of my soul for you to forgive me. Please reconsider and take me back.
I have missed you these past few days! I didn't mean to hurt you. You know I hate seeing you angry. I do not want to do anything to annoy you. A day without you in my life is like a day without sunshine. You are my sunshine. Your absence in my life means I am in darkness. I need you for many reasons.
Please try and find it in your heart to forgive and forget.
There are no words to express the importance you have in my life. It seems like everything that was bright has faded away without you, and there is no color in the world for me anymore. My love, I know we have been through very hard times together, but I accept that it was all was my fault. I also sincerely apologize to you, and I want you to know that I love you so much and can't live without you. Baby, please accept my apology and come back to me.
I love you very, very much.
I tried to look past what was bothering you. I know we met through my ex, who was also your friend, and you tried to warn me about him. Since then you became my best friend. Whenever I needed someone to talk to, no matter where you were or what you were doing, you comforted me. I took advantage of your kindness, and I'm sorry.
When we sat down and had that talk, you told me that since I had a relationship with your friend, you and I could never be, and that you looked at our relationship only as a friendship. I did not want to hear that because I had already fallen in love with you and could not tell you. I told you never to call me again. I am sorry that I did not understand or didn't even try to understand the way you felt. Now that I've pushed you away, I really miss talking and laughing with you, but I am too embarrassed to just call and talk to you now. I can never forgive myself for being this way. I am so sorry I've let you, my best friend, go. I hope someday you can forgive me.
After our conversation today, I was upset that I didn't express to you how I feel. I want you to know that I never meant to hurt you. I know that I hurt you when I talked about that subject last night. I never meant for you to feel so hurt. I thought of you many times during the night, wishing you were by my side.
I tell everyone about you and how excited I am to see you again. You mean the world to me. I am always lonely between the times we see each other. I always find myself trying to keep busy, because if I sit still for too long, my heart begins to ache, and I feel your absence. At night, I make believe that you are beside me, caressing me, holding me, loving me. I've longed for that day for so long. I adore you.
I know that our love can last. My love for you is not only of this world. It goes beyond all human knowledge. It is immortal.
Darling, I love you with all my heart and all my soul, and I have no regrets over falling in love with you. I am elated to have fallen in love with such an intelligent, wonderful, and loving angel, who loves me with all my imperfections. Let's talk.
I am so proud of the person you've become. You inspire me. I understand you've been through a lot and neither one of us have always made the best choices, but I believe we both have grown. I've always known from the very first time I met you that you were a stronger person than I.
You are so full of wisdom about life that when you talk, I could just listen forever. Your open mind is wise and comforting. You have helped me see things in a brighter, happier, more enlightened way. I was drowning from my own fears and was completely cynical about love, hope, and security. I used to think that no one understood me or could ever truly love me.
When I got to know, I realized I wasn't alone. I knew that something inside of you was hurting too. I went through a time in my life when I felt worthless and unloved, and I continuously searched for happiness. This year you became my survival. I don't think I could have made it without you.
I thank you for all the fun times we spent together even if they were short-lived. I have come to the conclusion you are an angel sent by God to help me see the light. Clouds of darkness shadowed over me, but you make me smile with just your presence. You are my angel, and I thank you once again from the bottom of my heart. Please know you will always live in my heart and I will continue to hope that we can be together soon.
Baby, I'm sorry for being so insensitive, less caring, and a less loving person. I'm sorry if I don't understand the reasons for everything that you do. I know that I've been so unfair these past few days, but that doesn't mean that I don't love you anymore. I'm like this because I'm so scared of being alone. I'm scared that your love for me will vanish like a sudden wind.
I'm trying to be strong and to be positive. I hope that you can forgive me and accept me as I am. I love you always and forever, and I'm really sorry.
Many people don't like to speak up when something bothers them, thinking that it is trivial to mention it. Unfortunately, after repeated times of not speaking up, some small incident occurs, which becomes the proverbial straw that breaks the camel's back and an argument develops.
I feel like this is the story of our relationship. I hate arguing with you. I hate hearing that pain-filled tone in your voice, or feeling your cold shoulder. I'm not naturally an angry person; you've known that since you first met me.
Our recent argument was caused by so many things: my insecurities, my lack of self-worth, my selfish desire to be the only one that makes you smile. I know that the blame is mostly mine.
I'm sorry for not taking the time to be patient with you, to sit and listen and understand the way you feel. I know that you want to keep the good relationships with your friends and family and should not resent them.
If you could ever forgive me, I will make up for it.
You were and still are the great love of my life. I know that phrase is often used but it fits this situation. I made so many mistakes when we were together and, as a result of them, we're not together anymore. I've spent the time since then kicking myself for the things that I did, and for the things that I didn't do. All I can do now is say I love you, I love you, I love you.
A million times I'm sorry and a million times I love you. Sorry that I couldn't say those words to you when it would have made a difference. Sorry that I didn't give you the innermost parts of me that you expected. I want you to be happy with me. Please forgive me.
Babe, I just wanted to say I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt you; you are my life, my heart, my soul and so much more. I want to say that I really do love you. Also, please, please, Sweetheart, give me another opportunity to show you that I can love you right.
I swear I won't do anything that will hurt you again. I want you to know that I never have cheated on you. You are everything to me. Give me a chance to show you that my love for you is real. I will love you forever.
That Sunday night was one of the worst nights we've ever had. Now I just want you to know that, no matter what happens, I will never stop loving you. I said some stuff that I really regret, but I usually try my best to do right by you, and I will continue to do so if you give me another chance.
Last Saturday, we had a great night together, and now we are fighting. Now our relationship is hanging by a piece of thread. I just can't let you slip away from me. I love you, and I hope you can forgive me, even with all my faults. You are everything and that is why I asked you to marry me. I want to spend the rest of my life with you so let's make this work, okay, Baby? I love you!
I know this will be the biggest secret that I will reveal this year. In the past I looked on you as a close friend. I know there are times when I've really insulted you, as if you're not a friend, but all this time I did not tell you that you are the most important person in my life.
There are times when I am really down, and all I want to do is be you. There are times when I tell myself that everything would be okay because I have you. I am beginning to realize that you are so distant that I can never reach you. Maybe, it's my entire fault for wanting you my way.
Sorry, if sometimes I seem not to care. Sorry, if sometimes I do not appreciate you.
I want you to know that during all this time we have been with each other, I've really loved you. I have loved you more than you'll ever know. So tell me now, please, that it's not too late?
I know I have been very stupid. I know I am not perfect. I also know that I love you. I know I made a mistake. You once told me that we can face any challenge together. All we need is to love each other and we will come out all right. Our dreams will come true.
Let's please give it another try. This time I am begging for your forgiveness. I promise I will make the sun shine for us again. If know there will be more rainy days, and we will fight, cry, and be sad, but behind each cloud there will be a silver lining. So please take me back into your life.
Let's find the rainbow together.
Things are hard right now, and everything seems to be just a big, painful mess. But I don't blame you alone for any of it. I know this is my fault, too, so I don't expect you to say or do anything to fix it by yourself. I know we are trying to make a lot of screwed up things in our lives better right now, and I hope we eventually can.
All I know right now is that I'm only truly happy when I'm with you. Your mere presence lights up my world. Everything I am and everything I have depends on you and your involvement.
I am sorry for the way I have mistreated you in the past. It is okay. I know you have your regrets too. I know we can be happy again if we want to work everything out, which I think we can do.
You are everything to me, and I love you with all my heart. I hope I can learn to open up to you more, and let you know how I feel. I believe you will be able to recognize when something is wrong, too. But no matter what we do or what happens, I will always love you, Baby, just like in our favorite song. You mean the world to me. Please, let's get back to the way we were.
This letter is long overdue. So many arguments happened these past few weeks.
I just wanted to tell you that no matter what has happened, I still love you with my entire heart, and I know that these misunderstandings don't mean anything more than just hasty words.
You may think I don't love you anymore. However, from this day on, I'm going to try harder to become a better person and not to be so stubborn about everything.
I know that you are the most important person in my life and that if I continue in this way, I may just lose the love we share.
I am determined to become a better person.
Hugs and Kisses!
I've known you for three long years and, through those three years, I have learned so much about you. I've found out so many things that hurt me and pleased me. But regardless of past occurrences, I'm glad I'm with you now.
I've watched you grow from a freshman to a responsible young man and for that I'm grateful.
Hopefully we will live our lives together as planned. I don't want to spend it with anyone else but you, Baby. So, on this note, I'm letting the whole world know that I'm deeply in love with my high school sweetheart.
I'm sorry I've been so moody lately. I have not been feeling well and have had a lot on my mind.
I know it has been difficult to be around me when I am moody. I do love you with all my heart. Please tell me we'll never grow apart. Forgive me, please.
I just wanted to tell you how much you mean to me. I've loved you since we first met. You are my prince and my angel. Though I don't always say this to you, I want you to know that I love you very much. I can't afford to let you go because you're the reason I've changed so much for the better! I love you and I need you.
Please forgive me for my actions these past few months. I have not been doing my job as a mother, as your wife, and as your lover. You deserve more. I love you so much! From this point forward, I will show my love for you and do my duties as I should. I refuse to hide my feelings for you any longer; next time we are walking down a busy street and you lean over to kiss me, my lips will allow yours to kiss mine, and I will not care what others will think of us. You are a wonderful father, and I am proud that you are my husband.
Love you always!
I am so ashamed of the way I treated you. As I hung your clothes back up in our closet, I realized how lucky I am to still have you. I never want to see an empty space where your things should belong again. I made a big deal out of nothing and took the big things we shared for granted. I am so sorry. You have given me so much more than I ever realized. I am so thankful for what we have now, and everything we will have in the future. You are the only man I ever want to share my closet with! I know we will have to work on some things. I will do my best to make it all better. I will always love you. You will always be my one and only man.
There are no words to express the gratitude I feel in my heart because our hearts have come to dwell together as one. You are my life, my heart, my soul. You are my best friend. You are my one true love. The day we met was fate. You are my destiny. I love you more today than I did yesterday, and I will love you more tomorrow than I do today. Loving you is the only thing that makes my life worth living.
Please forgive me for all the hurt that I have caused you in the past. I am truly sorry for hurting you. I love you and I always will until I die. Hopefully, when that day comes, I will still have you by my side, and your angel face will be the last one I see. I want to hold you in my arms and tell you how much I love you and how much you really mean to me. I want most of all to ask for your forgiveness.
I need to apologize to you. I failed you. I never meant to ruin the friendship that means the world to me. I ask for your forgiveness. If, in your heart, you find you can't forgive me, then I will understand and learn from this experience.
You came into my life at a time when I needed you the most. You gave me comfort and confidence where there was doubt. I want to be there when you need to talk. I want to be the comfort for your soul. I want to love you in the way you deserve to be loved. I need you to be a part of my life. The problem was that I was willing to change who I am to please you.
All the things that I told you about how I felt and how you make me feel were true. I'm sorry for hurting you.
I really had a sleepless night, tossing back and forth on my bed and thinking about what happened to us that night. I didn't expect it, but I experienced the worst headache ever.
We both made mistakes, not trying hard enough to understand each other. I guess we got carried away after all those arguments about whether I had an intimate relationship with someone else or not. I guess this issue has always interfered with our relationship. I know it's been hard for you to understand. Perhaps I need to give you a chance to trust me. Trust is very important, especially in a new relationship, and I have no objection to you finding out whether I have another relationship or not.
I know we have both said things to each other that we both regret. I know you said you can't forgive me, neither will you forget. I regret saying what I did to you. I hope you accept my apology because I'm truly sorry for my harsh and unpleasant words.
Perhaps there is the chance for us to experience again the trust we have felt for each other. One thing we must understand is that, in every relationship we're sure to experience some problems that we need to work out. We need to try to understand each other and have the trust that will make this relationship work. I know you want to work this out as much as I do. I still have my hopes and I am not giving up on our relationship.
I am very sorry for hurting you last night. You caused me pain too and I'm really confused about everything. I very much want things to be stable. I want you to get all the time you need to decide what you want to do. I love you, so please never think that I can forget you. Hope to hear from you soon.
I just want to thank you for all the support, love, and care you've given me. Though we've been through a lot of pain together, it doesn't matter to me. I love you very much, and I really mean it. I know it's difficult for you to decide, but whatever the outcome of our relationship, I just want you to know that I've never regretted a moment of our time together. I will cherish both the good and bad memories.
I just want to say I am sorry if I hurt your feelings. I just want you to know that I'm thankful that you came into my life. I will love you for the rest of my life.
Thanks for everything and take care always!
I think about you every day and every night. When I'm with you, you light up my life. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me, and I wish upon a star every night for you to return to me. The love that I hold for you in my soul is greater than an ocean or the sky above.
Please forgive me for all the hurt that I have caused you. Please, I beg of you to forgive me and return back to my side like the way that it was meant to be. I love you, and I always will until the day that I die. Hopefully, when that day comes, I will still have you by my side and your angel face will be the last one that I see. I want to hold you in my arms again, and tell you how much I love you and how much you really mean to me. I love you!
I didn't realize until now just how badly I mishandled our relationship. By being apart and not talking for so long, I quickly learned that you were everything I ever wanted and, by being so afraid of losing you, I ended up chasing you away by scaring you. It wasn't until now that I've realized that instead of complaining about the time I didn't have with you, I should've cherished the time I did have because it was real and filled with affection.
You are always on my mind. I realize now how special it was to hear your voice.
I realize I miss all the little things you do. I miss the way we look into each other's eyes and understand without saying a word. I miss the way you trust me with your children and you with mine. I miss the way you write "I love you" on a steamy window or mirror. I miss the way you signed to me that you love me or give me a kiss or hug while the kids aren't watching. I miss the way we joke that we are attached at the hip while fixing supper and the way we wrestle while tickling each other. I could go on and on, but you know what I'm saying. Yes, it's the little things I miss the most. The little things that I recklessly take for granted.
The promise I made to you is a promise that I will keep forever, no matter what. You will always hold the prime place in my heart. Even though I'm dating here and there, I compare each one to you. You've set the bar very high for me, and that's a good thing because I refuse to settle for anything less. When I read your e-mail, it was the happiest I'd been in weeks because I regained a friend who means the world to me.
Before I close, I want to sincerely say one last thing straight from my heart. I'm sorry I tried to force you to play by my rules. I realize now that what I miss the very most is you!
I realize that during hard times you calm me. Sometimes, you can read my mind and then tell me exactly what I want to hear. Regardless of how much frustration there is in my life, I look forward to your voice to help me through.
I wanted you to call me last night. I wanted to hear you say that I will be okay, no matter what the doctor said; that everything he said was just statistics. I wanted to hear you say that I am not a statistic. Even though I couldn't be in your arms, I wanted to believe that everything could okay, just by you saying it would. I hope that you will call me soon because I need you.
I love you with all my heart.
