Here I go, telling everyone that I desire you and need to be closer to you. You are a wonderful person who has allowed me to realize the important things in life. I appreciate and thank you dearly. I am here and always will be. All you have to do is e-mail me, and you know I'll answer you. This is your invitation, and it'll be open whenever you're ready to do the rest. You've showed me true love, something no one has ever done before. Thanks.
After being your best friend and telling you all my hopes and desires, I need to tell you what will make me happy.
You have always been there for me through our ups and downs; you've listened to my problems and, most of all, you've put up with me and all the crazy things I do. I love being with you and acting like fools, and I just love everything about you.
You are the best friend I have ever had, but last night when I was trying to go to sleep, I kept thinking about all the other boys. But then I thought about you, and I couldn't stop thinking about you! I thought about all the good times we've had together, and I thought about that day we went mudding on the four wheelers, and I realized that it's not the other people I want to be with, it's you. I love you and I want to be with you, forever and a day.
As I sit here and think about you and what you and I have been through, I see that I can only love you more and more with each passing day. You're my inspiration each and every day. You are what keeps me going when I just want to give up. You are my reason for living. I love the way that you love me. I love every kiss and every touch. I wouldn't know where to turn if I didn't have you. You are this girl's dream come true.
I wish you could feel all the passion and all the love that I carry around for you. You have won my heart and soul. You have won it all. You make me feel like I am in heaven--in the arms of an angel. You and I have a fulfilling relationship, but as it goes on, I wonder which is it--friends or lovers? That is not certain yet. We've been friends for a while now, but the friendship isn't just that anymore, at least for me. I have fallen in love with you, and I need to tell you that I am your soul mate masquerading as a good friend.
I was sent down to earth on a mission, a mission to find someone that would complete me. I never thought that my task would be fulfilled till the very moment that I met you. That's when I finally found the perfection that I had been seeking all my life. At that very moment, I didn't believe my eyes as the girl that I had thought only existed in a fairytale was now standing in front of me. Each night, as I stood staring at the moon, I saw your gentle smile, the smile that gave me the strength to make the impossible possible.
My love for you grows each and every day. I am totally addicted to you, and you are the only drug that keeps me functioning now. When I look into your eyes, I see the real me, a person that lives for a goal and a purpose now. I pray fervently each day that you and I can be in a relationship that will grow to be more than friends some day. For now, I've written this letter to declare my love for you and to tell you that I am here waiting for you now.
I don't really know how I can express my feelings to you, because I wasn't myself the first time I set eyes on you. I have seen and met great beauties in my life and have also learned how I could gaze at them just once and walk away. But with you, everything has changed.
I believe you will understand me. I want to keep you as a flower I'm charged with looking after. Being with you is like being in paradise. I will take this responsibility seriously, if you are mine and mine alone.
My beautiful love, you are my sunrise and sunset. You are my world and you have been since the first time I saw you from afar. My heart leaped in my chest and the vision of you made me catch my breath. Your hair was lightly blowing in the breeze, and the sun was bouncing off your face, making your eyes sparkle like stars in the midnight sky. I felt love the first time I looked at you, and my world became a beautiful place to live in. I often ask myself, what in the world would I do without you now? I hope to never find out the answer to that question.
My love, my beautiful love, come and answer "yes" to my proposal and make me the happiest man in the world! If you love me, too, then marry me! Come spend eternity with me! I promise to do everything to make you happy.
I remember the day we met. You stole my heart and made it skip a beat. You have been the highlight of my life ever since then. When I sleep, I dream of you. When I work, we work together. When your heart beats, mine beats with yours.
We have been friends for some time now; not one day has gone by without my thinking of you. And when I do think of you, the biggest smile comes across my face.
I feel warm all over, and my heart skips a beat whether we're on the phone or just in the same room. Sweetheart, just looking into your eyes makes me remember the first day we met. I have the same dream we both want, and that is for both of us to fall in love with our best friend. I fell for you so long ago. Do you feel the same way about me?
I am writing you this letter to tell you how much you mean to me, and to thank you for coming into my life. You are something I never thought could exist for me. You are the best thing that has ever happened in my life, and I don't regret telling you how I feel.
I have been through many relationships, but didn't really take any of them seriously. I was used and abused by a guy who I really loved once. So I decided to play guys the same way that guys had played me. I wasn't born nasty; a guy made me this way. Since then I have not taken chances with a guy again. But you happened; you came into my life and stole my heart away from the day I met you.
At first I was confused. I didn't really know what I wanted. I didn't know if I wanted to take a chance again and actually take you seriously. So, I decided to come close to you as a friend and find out who you truly were first and what you were really like. You seemed cool, nice, and funny--some things I really liked in a guy. So I took a chance and got together with you.
In the beginning, things didn't seem to go very well. I actually had my doubts about you, and I wasn't sure you were actually taking me seriously. But it was too late to turn back. I had already fallen for you from the day I first met you, and I wasn't really looking forward to giving up so soon. I tried so hard to know you. I wasn't going to let you go so easily!
Well, time has passed, and I have discovered new things about a new me. You have truly changed me. Still, I'm scared, because I'm growing a deep feeling inside my heart that I just can't explain. I truly don't know what your feelings are, but I don't want to force you to tell me something you don't really feel towards me. I want to receive love and trust from you when you truly mean it. All I ask of you is to show me that you care for me, and to also trust me the way I trust you.
You've got me dreaming about you now. I think of you every second of every day. I can't help it; you have become a part of my world and it's a little scary because I haven't depended on anyone like this for a long time. I would trust you with anything--with everything. I pray that you never do anything to make me regret this. Yes, now I can honestly say that I love you and will always love you because we seem to be soul mates. You say that we were meant for each other and I know that it's true because you say that you love me too.
Right after we met, my love, I should have told you this: there's this special love that I have deep within my heart. That love is only for you. It is far greater than this world. I wish I could show you how much you really mean to me. If I could only let you feel how much I really do love you in a kiss or a hug, you would begin to feel the love that I have for you. I will only be able to show you how much I really do love you when we get married. Then you will really know how much I love you. You can hear the sound of my love, though, just by listening to my heart. You can taste the sweetness of my love in a kiss; you can feel it in my embrace.
If I could describe the love that I have for you and use lyrics of love songs and even the sonnets of Shakespeare, it would still be impossible, because the love that I love for you cannot be put into words. You've had my love from the day we met, and you will have it forever. As time goes by, my heart and love for you will keep growing stronger, brighter, and bigger.
Call me your love from this day forward. You are fully mine, as I pray I am fully yours. Although we have two different minds, and souls, we have one and the same beautiful heart. My love is unconditional.
I love you with all my heart, body, and soul. I will never stop loving you. You are my life, my world, and everything to me. Distance may keep us apart, but you will always and forever be embedded deep within my heart.
I wake up every morning thinking of you and then I roll over and see your smiling face. I know we can disagree, and I can make you mad, but you still love me with everything you have. I was scared to love you at first, in fear that you would hurt me, but I did anyway, and it's the best choice I ever made. Now, the only fear I have is waking up and rolling over and finding out you were only a dream. If this is a dream world, Baby, then don't wake me up because you're the one and only for me. I love you with everything I have and would give you the very clothes off my back. I love you with all my heart.
My heart is hungry for your love, but my mind is aware of what it cannot have. I know we belong to different worlds, so then why did you come and change everything in my life? I thought I didn't want to love again. I thought I wouldn't be able to because my heart has been hurt so much. To even say, "I do"--it's a scary thought, but you came along, and I suddenly became fearless.
It's hard to explain myself or to put it together in one idea; the only easy course is my loving you. For just one look into your eyes makes everything in the world and in my life seem to glow. You make me want to see the sunrise every day, to know it's another day where I could have you by my side. I know faith can make this work someday if I just keep my hopes up. Until then I'll think of you just like now. Your touch will forever caress me with tenderness, and your kisses will keep the flame in my heart alive. I hope that one day soon you and I will be together again.
My darling, sweet Prince--where do I begin?
As always, I want to start by saying, "thank you." I tell you a million times a day, each day, that I love you and that you mean the world to me. Although you reciprocate some of these feelings, I'm sure you have no inkling of the strength of my love. My love for you is strong!
You walked into my life a stranger a mere eight months ago, and my life hasn't been the same since. You are TRULY my gift from a higher power. "Love" is such a small word for what we share. You are amazing. You came into my life when I was at a low point: a time when I thought that the pain brought on by someone else would never end. During the moments I tried to turn away for fear of the unknown, you dug your heels into the ground and looked deep into my soul and stayed. You compromised your life and your goals to help me survive, and I owe much to you. Without you I could not even go on.
You have become a beacon to me. Whenever I feel as though I've drifted too far into the discouragement that clouds my life, I can look up to find you guiding me to safety. I stay here, not because this place is home, but because YOU are home.
After all that's happened to me in the past three years, I swore that I could never settle down again--that I could never give my heart and life completely to someone again. With great content and zero disparity, I take it all back.
Most people will spend their entire lives searching for a perfection that almost never exists. Most people will spend their days looking at each person they encounter with questions as to whether or not they have found a reason, a season, or a lifetime. With you I have found an eternity. This is where I was meant to be. You are what my entire life has led up to. You are my very best friend, my lover, my protector, my teacher, and my one and only soul mate.
I give my life to you--mind, body, and soul. I want you to hold me for the rest of my life as you do now, each and every night.
I belong to you from this moment on.
I wish I could read your beautiful mind and see if you really love me. I know I love you with all my heart, but I have no idea if you feel the same way. My heart is ready to split in two because I need you, and yet I don't know if you need me. Please, from the bottom of my heart, I confess my everlasting love to you and hope that you feel the same way. Please give me an answer.
Baby, I don't even know where to begin! From the first time we talked to each other, I knew you were special. Words cannot even express how I felt the first time we met. It seemed so natural, like we'd known one another for years. Truth is, it's been just under six weeks. I never knew I could feel this strongly about someone this soon, but you proved me wrong. Every time I see the beach or a sunset, I think about that night. Actually, I think about that day and night all the time.
It's hard for me to tell you how I feel, because no one in my previous relationships has wanted what we have. And if they had, I was afraid to tell them I cared because I was afraid of being hurt. Please bear with me, I'm working on it. I will slowly be able to tell you how I feel and what I'm thinking.
I read this quote today and it's made me think: "The best way to love is to love like you've never been hurt." That fits my situation 100 percent. I kept dwelling on the past and what everyone else has done to me. After reading those words, I realized I cannot be with you and be happy and still dwell on what other guys have done to me. I am with you--not them. I need to concentrate on making you happy and letting you make me happy. Up until this point, you've been different than any other guy. I know that you wouldn't hurt me, at least intentionally. That's why you are different. I know you care about me and want to be with me. I am sorry I have doubted that before. There has not been a moment in the past six weeks when I have doubted my feelings for you.
You've walked into my life and totally turned it around. I was so depressed and torn up about what had happened to me in the last year or so that I was ready to give up. You gave me the hope that I needed to keep on going. I am so grateful for having you in my life. I've been waiting for someone just like you to walk into my life. Thank you for everything.
One last thing before I go. I have wanted to tell you something, but have not been able to bring myself to do so--
I love you!
Every night when I close my eyes, thoughts of you fill me with joy. Every morning when I open my eyes, you're the first thought on my mind. I am certain that I am in love with you. I want to hold you, kiss you and to feel your body near me. If you'll be mine, you'll make me the happiest woman in the world. If you turn me away, I don't know if I can take it. But either way, you'll always be the greatest love I've ever had.
I love you so much, and you don't even know it. Sometimes I get scared about showing it. It feels like when you come around me, my mouth locks tight, and the words I want to say are just stifled. My lips lock up because my love is so strong, and the words that I want to say just can't be expressed. Sometimes I want to open up and tell you how I feel, but I guess I'm just too scared. I know you love me, and you have feelings hidden inside, too. It seems like it isn't any easier for you to express yourself to me, than for me to express myself to you. I love you, so please know that I always will.
I don't know how to start, because I'm afraid it might be the end of our good relationship or, if I'm lucky, it could be the realization of my dreams, which is for you to love me as I love you. I told myself, I might as well take the risk because it's the only remedy I know of that could let loose this feeling I've been keeping inside me all this time.
I love you. I know you'll find it hard to believe me if I tell you how much you mean to me. I hardly understand what I feel for you, and don't know how these long, sleepless nights, thinking only of you can go one. I've never felt like this before. I don't know how to pour out my feelings for you now. I wanted to find the perfect words to make you realize how much I need you and love you, but words continue to elude me; what could they be? Something poetic? I'm sure it should be heartfelt and out of the ordinary. I'm afraid it's no use. Every time I look at you, the words come out the same--I love you!
Our road to friendship has been a little less than conventional, but it has worked for us. I know you will always be there for me. That's one of the reasons I think I may be falling in love with you.
I know you do not have time for a relationship right now and that you may even be afraid to commit to me, but I am patient. I will be by your side, regardless of my status with you. I have never felt so attached to a person in my life. I love talking to you or just being around you.
I also realize that it is hard to tell somebody that you do not love them as they love you. Please, don't ever be afraid to be honest with me, because I will always be your friend.
Mainly, I wanted you to know I will wait for you. I don't need fancy gifts or all of your time. All I need is to know you care, and I believe you do already. I love your hugs and encouraging words, and I want to say, "thank you" for everything. I have loved you as my friend for a while now, and I would love to love you even more.
I've kept my feelings for you contained as long as I can. I am in love with you, and true, honest love should not be contained and kept quiet forever. There is so much about you that most girls don't see. They only see the physical. They see your body, but my love for you is more than skin deep. My feelings for you grow every day, and my love grows deeper with every passing minute. You mean so much to me. Just seeing your smiling face or hearing you heart-melting voice brightens up my worst days and makes them more than just bearable. Just having a hug from you makes me feel warm and cozy inside. I dream of you day in and day out; you're the only one on my mind now. I am in love with you and have been in love with you since I can't remember when!
When I was a little girl, I dreamed of that one person with whom I would share my dreams, happiness, and life. I could not see his face, but he was there. I always felt he was out there. I just needed to find him. I visualized the bond we would have and the courage he would give me to get through life's obstacles. All these years that I have been with others, feeling my way through life, learning lessons that later on would prepare me to become the person I am now. I've been sad and alone. Then one day I saw clearly that he was finally here. Here in my world was the man that I had dreamed of and had hoped I would not miss meeting in life--that man is you.
This letter is my heart-template in which my burning feelings for you will finally be expressed. If you can remember, I sat by your side at the Public Library, only two days ago.
I really enjoyed the special moments I spent with you at the library. You struck me as being mild-mannered and sophisticated. In fact, your elevated words added some seasoning to my life. Sitting by your side that day, I was totally captivated by your charm and good looks. If you noticed, I was not wholeheartedly doing the assignment given to me. You were my total preoccupation, believe me. I wondered why I should ever get carried away by somebody I hadn't met before. Are there any particular things that I was hungry for that I found in you? I don't know. I just quickly realized how exquisitely beautiful and unique you are. Your long, wavy hair, tied back with a ribbon, really intoxicated me. I must confess, I have fallen in love with you, my dear. I watched myself slowly gravitate towards you. Since that day, it appears that our lives can be like the lives of the world's famous lovers.
To me, you're a rose that should be protected from thorns, a delicate angel who needs a defender. To be your defender, I promise that I'll do whatever it takes to make you happy and keep you safe.
I'm serious when I say, "I love you." I usually rhapsodize about your outstanding natural beauty to my friends. Your beauty hit me with a force of a poetic sledgehammer. I love you and cherish you. You're an angel personified.
I'm longing to wrap my arms around you to soothe my aching heart. I just need you to say, "I do."
You are the only one who can make me happy with your love and affection. Since I met you, I have noticed that life is worth living. I live mine just for you. You have stolen my heart from me. Alone I am lost. Please, do not let the distance between us become larger. Each day is more wonderful than the previous one, if I spend it with you. The closer you get to me, it seems the more I love you. A heart truly in love never loses hope but always believes in the promise of love, no matter how long the time and how far the distance. There are so many ways I want to tell you that I really love you. My feelings for you are true and pure, like your kind heart. I have tried many times to confess this to you, but you always turn a deaf ear to what I say. Remember one thing--I love you and will always love you.
I have lived for a long time, responsible for and dependent upon no one, answering to no one and committed to no one except myself. During this period of my life, I considered the world mine for the taking and truly believed that I was living life to the fullest. Then you came into the picture and, all of a sudden, I realized that I was deceiving myself.
I find that my life is not all that I thought it was. In fact, it is terribly lacking in many things, the foremost being love. Now, through some great fortune, I have found that love and, along with it, the one person who can make my life truly complete.
You are that person, and I have fallen in love with you. To be honest, I never thought I would ever utter those words, but now they come forth effortlessly and with great sincerity. I'll be forever grateful to you for showing me just how shallow my life was. At last, I have a chance now to give it depth and purpose.
Until I hear from you, I remain totally yours in thought and spirit.
I just hope you read this letter. You know I've tried every other way to tell you how I feel about you except using the phrase, "I love you." I'm doing this to avoid you being embarrassed. I can say I'm not 100% sure you feel the same way as I do now. Maybe the distance between us now is making things more difficult. I do believe, my love, that if by coincidence you read this mail, you know I am saying this to you: I love you and always will. I can't help but tell you this.
I have spent my life waiting--not living, not loving, just waiting for the one that would inspire me to be all I can be, to live up to all my possibilities, to reach every goal, to know that I may fail sometime, but I will never be alone. You brought to my cold, empty heart a passion only you could bring. Your words of acceptance and love have soothed the aching in my empty heart, and now I am at peace with myself and the world around me. I knew that one day when I found you, my waiting would be over. I love you with every ounce of my being. Yours is the first name I call out in the morning, and the last one I whisper at night.
Every time I see you, I think I'm out of control. I do not know why I am feeling this way, but it's like nothing I've ever experienced before. I'd like to touch your face to see if it's real. How could I not notice until now that your face could launch a thousand ships?
I'd like you to know that I love you so much, more than I have ever loved anyone. I just want to stay with you while I can for as long as you'll let me.
I don't know what happened to me, whether I was crazy or just lonely. All I know is I was sick of being deceived, mistreated, and unappreciated. Then you came along, I don't know why. All I know is that I felt a connection on our first chat, something I had never felt before that at first made me feel uneasy, stupid, and even a bit childish. It put me go through all kinds of emotions as we chatted on line and I began finding we had a lot in common. I felt like we knew each other from an unknown past.
At first I was scared, and a part of me wanted to believe that you were just someone who was playing a game. I was thinking I was crazy to have the feelings I was beginning to have for you. I was really upset with myself and became very angry with the way I was feeling. I didn't want to admit to you or to anyone else that I was falling for someone I had never actually met. I thought I was becoming insane myself. I tried to fight these feelings off, but they were just too powerful for me to ignore! I tried to convince myself that this can't be for real; that you couldn't REALLY be feeling the same as I was. No matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't fight the feelings I was having for you.
Then the night came when you expressed how you were beginning to feel that which I tried not to believe, because I was scared of being disappointed. The magnetism that I was feeling was so strong, though, that I could no longer fight it. Our chats became an every day thing, and the feelings just wouldn't go away, no matter how hard I tried to ignore them.
I just could not resist the temptation of meeting you while I was on vacation near you. All along, I could not believe you were for real, but when we finally first met, I knew there was no way I could stop loving you. I thought that if we met, these feelings would just go away, but they didn't. I tried so hard to convince myself that there is no such thing as true love, but you have made me believe differently.
We have been together for nearly nine months now, and I still love you and even more so now. You have become a part of me that I will always cherish. I love you with all my heart, forever and always. You have brought me so much happiness.
I'm so in love. I get this warm feeling every time I think of you. When I sleep at night, all I dream about is you. I wish I could wrap my arms around you and kiss your sweet lips. I wish I could feel the warmth of you near me. I ask you to let me be the one you love; let me be the one you need.
We met at work and, in the beginning, you were just someone I worked with. Months passed and all of a sudden my attitude towards you changed and I started to think about you all the time. Our circumstances inhibit us from being together now, but I can't stop obsessing over you. I've never felt like this before, and I don't know what to do. I guess this is a letter recognizing my deep love for you, but at the same I wonder how it can be. I love you with all my heart, and today I have the courage to tell you.
Hey! I've noticed that you've been flirting with me lately. At least it seems that way. You make it obvious that you really like me. I know I really like you. I want to know if you like me as much as I do you. If you do, please tell me so. I wish that you would be mine and that I could be yours. If you think this is love, please tell me. I want you to be mine.
Every time I'm around you, you make my heart melt. My heart beats faster than a hummingbird's wings. I love you more than anything I know. You've got the most endearing smile in the world! I love you so much!
I love you and will love you forever. I hope you love me. If you do, please tell me so.
I just had to let you know that these last two days without talking to you have given me time to think about how I really feel about you. I have decided that I am definitely, hopelessly, in love with you. What made me realize this is not because I think about you all the time, although I do. It was how I think about you. Not only do I think about how much I love you, but why, how much, and mostly if I deserve you to love me.
It feels so lucky to finally be able to love you like I have been wanting to for so long. Your sweet lips leave me speechless with each tender kiss. What have I done to deserve this? And that is another thing I was thinking. It is a little too strange, I think, that we are so right for each other. Some might want to argue about it, but I have a few examples to offer those poor, misguided souls. Your smile is like a world-famous painting. When we kiss, it is like two lost puzzle pieces finally found after a long search that make the picture complete. When we hold each other, time seems to stand still. When I look into your eyes, I see the love in your heart. All of this tells me one thing--our love is true and real.
We can never be--why? Because we are just friends, really good friends, and you don't want to ruin that, but then you kissed me!
You said that it meant nothing, and that you have too much respect for our friendship. I could show you that our being together could be amazing. I don't want to hurt you like you have been hurt in the past. I want you to take a risk and learn that being together can be great!
I know that things could never be the same again, but that's what life is all about--taking risks! I could make you so happy, if you'd just let me try. There's more to life than just sitting around waiting for something to happen. We need to jump onto a good thing and let our feelings fly.
I love you, and if you have not seen that by now, then you are blind. I used to think it was just your looks, but then I realized it's who you are inside that makes my heart beat at this pace. Just being around you makes my life worth living. You will be in my heart forever even if it's just as friends.
I'll love you always!
Wow, I don't even know where to start. I don't know if you even think about me but you make my heart pound so fast that it's hard to catch my breath. When I think of us getting together, I get goose bumps all over. You're all I think about now. I've never had a love like this before or felt this way. I want to keep you forever.
My heart has found its way to you with all my love. I want you and no one else because you mean everything to me. I think we should try and make this work. I hope you know you're the one and only one that I want. You're the perfect friend, and I hope we can and will grow to be more. I could never ask for better than what we already have. I hope you're feeling the same way because my heart is set on you and only you, Baby.
It has not been long since we met, but everything has changed in my life. I experience more excitement and feel like the happiest man on the earth. I also think about you all the time. It is not just at bedtime, or upon waking up, but at my work, when I drive, and at all times. Sometimes I sit and, without any reason, call your name out loud, until I realize that you are far away, and then I just smile at the sweet thought of you.
When I talk to you, it makes my heart beat faster, and I feel sweet feelings, unexplainable, not understandable. I feel your presence everywhere near me, your laugh echoes in my ears, your talks remind me that you really exist, and I want you as much as the roses would need their perfume, like wind needs its song, like snow needs its whiteness, like a little child wants ice cream. I did not plan to love you, it just happened.
The world has many beauties: some are lilies, jasmines, irises, roses; some were just simple, plain flowers; none of them attracts me. It was your innocent smile, your sparkling eyes. It was like lightening had struck me, it was like an angel had appeared to me. It was you and your love that made me what I am today.
I will love you as long as the sun keeps shining, the stars keep brightening the sky, the winds keep blowing, the snow keeps falling, and the flowers keep smiling. I humbly ask that you be mine.
Loving you forever,
Every morning I wake up smiling, just because you're beside me. I listen to your breathing and feel the warmth and comfort of just knowing that you're there. My favorite part of the day is when you roll over and hold me. That feeling remains with me all through the day and lasts until the following morning when we do it all over again. I never want that feeling to end. So I write this to you to let you know of my strong love for you.
Since the day I first met you, you captivated me! The first time that our lips touched, you touched my soul. You have given me more than I could ever imagine receiving from one person. I cherish the love that we share together and, most of all, I cherish you! You are my inspiration and my determination. I love you with all my heart!
How I wish words could express the thoughts that I have about you. If I should say, "I love you," then the greater percent of my feelings would still be unexpressed. But of course, I must say something. My heart longs for you, and I must tell you that. I long to see your face and to hear your voice. Just thinking of you helps make my day a better one.
Perhaps you will be astonished that you are receiving a letter from me. I just want you to know that a letter is more eloquent than words. That is why these words will definitely speak for themselves. I am a little confused on how to erase your beautiful and charming face from my mind. The more time I spend with you, the more I like everything about you, and the more I want to find out all about you--how you think, how you feel, what your dreams are, and everything wonderful about you. If I could only do something just to persuade you to care for me.
Everything I wish to do is more difficult because of this unexplainable emotion. I promised myself before not to see you anymore or to talk to you--just to forget you, but these promises never materialized. My admiration has still been bubbling within me these long, lonely days.
I may be able to fool others, but I cannot fool myself. I would be a great liar if I said that I'm not in love with you. No matter what you think or say, all I can say is, I really love you with all my heart. If you will give me just a little time to prove my feelings to you and that I deserve your feelings, I will work hard at winning you. I can barely endure the extreme anxiety and the sleepless nights I have experienced lately.
Since I met you, I felt I was living in a new and wonderful world--one full of love. The sun became brighter, the grass greener, and everything I do became more meaningful. You should remember that I will cherish you always. Such love, like everything worthwhile, deserves to be given attention and care in order for it to continue to grow. I hope you agree with me.
I don't know how to approach this with you in person. Every day I fight a battle with myself in which my heart says I should tell you how I feel, but my head tells me not to be stupid. It would just cause damage to our friendship, and that you wouldn't be interested. I am not totally discounting the possibility that my feelings could be reciprocated, but as I have had very little luck with you in the past, my hopes are fairly small.
I know there is probably very little I can say to change your mind either way. I do feel that given the chance, this could turn into more, but I guess that would depend on you, and how you feel about me.
I can't pinpoint what it is, exactly, that makes me feel that you do have some feelings towards me. Maybe it's due to the way that when I talk to you, how you nearly always look me in the eyes; so few people do that anymore. Your eyes seem to speak to me.
I wish I could vocalize my feelings to you, but my fears prohibit me from doing so. I think that by the time I finally gain the courage, you will have found the person you are looking for. My biggest fear is that if I would tell you, then I would see a look of fear or horror on your face that would break me.
I wish I could tell you how every time you don't turn up for work, I fear that I will never see you again. When I see you, and sometimes you look down, I wish you would open up to me and let me into your life. I know it wouldn't be easy, but I still believe that I could be good for you, if only you could return my feelings. I know I may not be the best-looking man you know, and I don't have much to offer you financially. All I could offer you is my heart and soul.
I fear this will not turn out the way I hope, but I pray that it does. As I said before, you may never know the true extent of my feelings, although I imagine you have some suspicions what they might be.
This may be a crush or an infatuation but, I swear to you, it does not feel like it. I have had crushes before, but never really felt the depth of emotion I do for you.
I hope that if I can muster the courage to tell you how I feel that, whether or not you can reciprocate, it will turn out okay, and that at the very least we can be good friends. I do long for so much more, though.
You are my "knight in shinning armor." I wouldn't be where I am today, if it weren't for you reaching out and helping me. I will never forget you or the things you have done for me. You are the "best" in my eyes and in my heart. I love every moment we've spent and the small talks we've shared. I do hope that one day our friendship will grow into love. No matter whatever becomes of "us," I will always hold you in my heart.
You're the last thing on my mind at night. You fill my every dream. You're the very first thing I think of when I wake up--and you don't know it. So, I am confessing my love to you.
I always miss you when you're gone. I miss you when you're sitting close to me. I miss you when I can't see you smile. I miss you any day that you're not here.
I want you like you'll never know. I want you, body and soul. I see your face, I want your heart. I want your love, I NEED your love, but I won't tell you because I can't. I can't tell you how I feel, because I know you're just my friend. I know that you're happy with that. I know you're not looking for someone to love. I know. But, I don't understand.
I want a day when it's just you and me. I want a day when my heart can tell you how I feel. I pray every day that you'll tell me that you want me the same way I want you. I beg every day to that unseen force that you will one day be mine.
I'm moving away, but I'm leaving my heart with you. Forever and for always, my heart will belong to you. My heart NEEDS you. So please love me or leave me.
Forever and a day,
When we first met, I'll never forget how you walked over to me and just started talking and you made me feel comfortable. It started out with a great friendship that has lasted almost two years now. In that time, we've had a lot of good talks and good times together.
After these months of knowing you, I knew that I loved you, and that I always wanted to be with you. I had wished so hard that one day I would have a chance to be with you. Finally, I got up the nerve to tell you how I felt about you. Now I can talk to you and tell you anything because I trust you.
I love you so much, and my wish finally came true last Saturday, when you first said that you loved me. My heart lifted because it felt so good inside to finally hear the words I had been longing to hear. We had been friends longer than we had been boyfriend and girlfriend. I'm so in love with you now. I promise you this: I will never lie or do anything to hurt you. You make me feel good inside and so happy, too. It's amazing being with you because you're such an amazing person. I don't know what the future holds--that's something only heaven knows. I just know that love you, and I know that I always will.
This is not a sudden urge that has prompted me to write to you. When I first met you, I was struck by your warmth and by your sweetness of manner and speech. It soon became difficult for me to shut you out of my mind. Your bewitching smile captivated my heart. The more I tried to forget you, the more I began to think about you, until it dawned upon me that I had fallen in love with you. I've gotten the chance to know you in our swimming class, and I want you to know you've captured my heart. I know this is not right for me to tell you all these things so soon, but I can't help it.
After we parted company last night, I had wonderful memories that filled my heart as I walked along the path that led home. Thanks for filling the emptiness in my heart. You're an angel in disguise that came down from heaven to brighten my life.
Now that I've found you, I promise to take good care of you. Even though I don't know what your true feelings are, I'll still love you the best way I can. Thank you for those things that you've done for me. If the time comes when you find someone you love better than me, just let me know; even though it hurts, I'll set you free.
You are the reason for my smiles. You are the reason for my tears and the reason for my fears. You, my love, are the reason I wake up each day and go to sleep each night. You are my life. You, my love, are the only reason for my happiness. I love you; I want you; I need you! Life would be incomplete without you. You have given me your love, and I now give you my heart. It is yours to do with as you may, Remember, my love, I am always yours!
I am still on my knees begging for love, not to a stranger, but to the love I know--you. I've been in love and know its mystery. Each night and day I hope and pray that you'll be mine forever more. After what you've been through, it'll be hard for you to trust again--giving your heart and soul to another's keeping, but know it's me that's on my knees, swallowing my pride, begging you, please--once again, I say, "please," be mine.
I'm writing to let you know how I feel about you. I don't know how to tell you face to face, so I am going to put my feelings into words now. Since the day I met you, I haven't been the same. My feelings just can't be tamed. I am starting to care for you in a different way. I think of you every day! I love everything about you! Your smile, your eyes, your hair, your body--I hope you are getting the point. I can't get you off my mind. You have me feeling foolish. I know you may not feel the same, but my feelings just keep growing for you each and every day. Well, what I am trying to tell you is that I am falling in love with you--yes, this is true! But I'll understand it if you don't feel the same. I just have to let you know how I really feel. This is no whim; my feelings are real and genuine.
I know we haven't gotten to know each other for very long, and there is a bit of an age difference between us, but I do really care about you. You are a very special guy. There is so much about you that I know most girls don't see. They are all looking at you just for your body. But, Honey, I am telling you, that is not what I am doing. There is so much more to you than that. I have liked you for a very long time now, but just never had the courage to say it to you. Well, that has all changed now, and I am going to say it. I really care a lot about you, and I would like to be a lot more than just friends. You mean so much to me. I mean, just that special smile when I'm having a bad day just brightens the day and makes it bearable. Or just to have you give me a hug comforts me. Just to see your smiling face brightens the darkest day. So, what do you say, would you like to give it a go?
I want to tell you that I need you here with me from now on. I live day to day thinking about you. I picture everything about you in my mind, as if you were really here beside me. When I fall asleep, I dream of you, and I can feel you near me.
My world is spinning and I can't sleep. My throat closes whenever you speak. My heart bursts just being around you. I take note of your every word, your every movement. My eyes drop down whenever you look at me with that bashful smile. This tension is tearing me apart.
How can I get closer to you? I'm too shy to talk to you, so right now it feels safer to watch you from afar and not be rejected. You have a place in my mind. I wish you'd tell me everything I want to hear, but haven't yet. I want you to tell me that you want me, but I haven't heard that yet. Every time I think of you, I can feel the butterflies fluttering inside me. You don't notice me or the way I look at you; maybe it's because you only see me as a friend and nothing more. I wish I knew.
At night I lay in bed and dream of you coming to my door, pulling me to you and holding me tight. I imagine whispering in your ear how much I want you. I want you to hold me. I need to hear your voice. I imagine being wrapped in your arms and then pressed tightly against you. I want you to make me feel a part of you. Every time we touched, I would feel like we're the only ones in existence.
But as I sit here, watching the sun drop slowly into the horizon, my heart sinks with it. When will I learn? You would never want me. I'm not perfect, beautiful, or anything important. I will have to let go the dream of you and me together.
Your secret love,
Compliments of the season to you! Hope everything is fine where you are. I don't even know where to start, but I know I will work this out. When I set my eyes on you, I fell in love with you. I want to tell you why but I don't know where to start, and that is the reason why I decided to write to you.
Do you know how much I appreciate having someone like you in my life, someone to share my good times with and tell my troubles to, someone to care about? All my life, I prayed for someone like you, someone who would treat me as well as my mother does, like my sister does. If you will take up a special space in my life, I will always love you, and my love for you will never die.
I know that all I will ever think of is loving you, for I know that this is the only way to express my feelings for you. I wonder how things would have turned out if I had not met you and not told you how I felt? But I did and I will say a thousand times that I love you.
When we love someone, we want to be loved, too. Love can sometimes be painful, but love is also sweeter than the honey in the honeycomb. I love you, and so I say it.
Oh, you may be surprised, because this is the only way to express my secret love for you. Please, when you read this, mail me back, so I will know how you feel.
I'm writing this letter to explain to you how I feel. I am starting to fall for you, and it is driving me crazy, because I can't seem to tell you how I really feel. I need to know where I stand in your life, and if it could ever be more than what we are now. I'm starting to develop strong feelings towards you, and I don't know why.
I love your eyes, your smile, your hair, your body, and your voice--it drives me off the wall! When I hear your voice, my heart skips a beat. I am crazy about you.
I need to know how you feel about me. Could you possibly feel the same towards me, or can this never be? I just want you to be mine. I want to be able to say that you're my guy. Well, now you know that I am secretly falling in love with you. I just wish I could hear those same words from you. Maybe one day I will, but until then I guess all I can do is wait. Please, don't make me wait too long!
I had to get the courage to tell you how I feel.
Hey, there is so much I want to tell you, a lot has been running through my head lately. I'm having trouble putting my thoughts into words, so you will have to bear with me through this.
I keep thinking about the future, about life, and what I want out of it. I keep thinking about us and what this relationship means to me. I keep thinking about these things and I realize they go hand in hand. This relationship is my future; it is what I want out of life. I want to grow old with you. I want to experience this crazy love forever and ever, and I really think I'm going to.
I want us to walk through new houses, picking the one that would be just right for us. I want to see you walk around our house in a big t-shirt with your hair down and catch me staring at how gorgeous you are. I want you to pull the covers off me at night and then I would have to get even closer, if possible, to keep warm. I want to see you laugh like crazy at me when I do stupid stuff. I want to rub lotion all over your body because you were in the sun too long. I want to have a child with you and go through the experiences of parenthood with you. I want to see you and me chasing our little kid around the house, all three of us laughing our heads off and having fun. I want to hold you when you cry and smile with you when you smile. I want to fall asleep every night with you in my arms. I want you to fall asleep on my chest listening to the beat of my heart and know it beats for you. I want you to be the first thing I see when I wake up and the last thing I see when I go to sleep. I want to see your bad morning hair. I want to sit on the beach with you and watch the sun set, and I want all the people who pass us by to envy the obvious love we have for each other.
I want to see you walk down that aisle and I want to take your hand for the rest of my life. I want to spend all night and maybe the next day making love to you with an undying passion. I want to be forty years old and still make out with you like a young schoolboy. I want to cook a meal with you and totally ruin it and end up having to order take out. I want to sit there talking to you for hours about nothing--but at the same time everything--or maybe we won't talk at all, just grin at each other, realizing how lucky we are. I want you to get mad at me for doing something stupid, and I want you to burst out laughing when you try to yell at me, but can't stay angry at me.
I want to lay with you in front of a fireplace and keep the heat going long after the fire goes out. I want to take trips with you to places we've never been before and experience them together. I want us to go skinny-dipping in a hotel pool and get caught and streak back to our hotel room, waking everyone up because we're laughing so hard. I want us to go and pick out the hot tub we want with the biggest grins on our faces the whole time.
I want to hold your hand when you bring our child into this world. I want our friends to come over and get totally jealous because they don't share a love like we do. I want us to run outside in the rain and act like kids getting completely soaked and, when we come back in, stripping down to nothing as we stumble into the bedroom.
I want it to take your breath away when I say, "I love you," because you know it's coming from the heart. I want us to be sitting there and watching our child take his first steps from my arms into yours. I want us to sit down with a box of strawberries, a bottle of chocolate syrup, and a container of mint chocolate ice cream. I want to love you and be with you for at least forever, if not a little longer.
I just want you to know that I had never found someone I wanted to spend the rest of my life with until I met you. I really am crazy about you, everything about you.
That night our paths crossed was as if a magnetic force joined us together. It seemed as if I forgot to wake up that morning and face true reality. As our eyes connected, it seemed too fresh and real to be a dream. The fire, the strength, the longing to be loved--words were not needed as the world closed in and our eyes connected our two souls together.
I remember when we first spoke, it was as if we had known each other for years. Our conversations went smoothly like changing seasons. I could not have asked the Lord for anything more assuring or hypnotizing than the soothing tone of your voice. You made my days sunny.
We completed one another. You thought that no woman good enough for you existed, and then you met me. How I longed for you to know that my feelings were mutual, and that I had never met a man that could read through me and explore my inner core. Please keep in mind that I will not take your heart that I hold for granted.
You are a splendid jewel. Never would I let a soul take you away or bring any harm to you. The day I looked into the blue of your eyes, I knew no force could ruin the joining of our hearts.
Soul mates do exist, and now I have learned there is beauty behind all imperfections. It took us both years of hurt and pain, and it has paid off for both of us. It's true when they say, "God makes you meet a few wrong people before you meet the right one."
Thank you for all that you have given me and still continue to give me.
You once told me that I was a fool for falling for a girl like you! Well, if you feel that way, I accept it. I may be a fool, but the fact remains that I have fallen for you and I can't change that now! I want you to know that I would much rather have you in my life and take a chance on losing you than not taking that chance at all and wondering then, what it would have been like between us! What I'm trying to ask you is--would you take a chance with me? Tanya, will you be my love?
I love you.
"Stop looking!" That's what everyone kept telling me. So, stop looking is what I did. And that day when I was at the mall, and you were the salesperson, you had the sweetest smile I had ever seen complemented by such beautiful eyes. My heart skipped a beat. I couldn't catch my breath, and the only thing I could really say is, "Thanks, but I'm just looking." I wanted to say so much more than that. I wanted to stare into your eyes and talk to your heart, but I was really nervous, so nervous that I just wanted to leave. But I stayed; you were so helpful and so genuine with the compliments you gave me.
My mind worked hard thinking of clever ways to ask you out. But I was worried about rejection again. As I left, I felt no peace. I wanted to run back in and ask you to dinner. My heart was trying to pull my body back into the store, but all that kept happening was my mind kept taking over, moving one foot in front of the other, walking around the mall aimlessly, thinking about what I could say to you and asking God to give me the right words to say to you.
Then a burst of confidence came over me, rehearsing the lines over and over in my head. I decided to walk back in, and I told myself, "If she's standing all alone, that will be a sign I should go up to her." So, as I walked past the store, there you were, standing alone, right in front of the cash register. But my mind took over again, and I marched right out of the mall and into my car.
Thinking of how much of a fool I am, I started to imagine different scenarios of rejection and acceptance. As I returned to work, I was clouded with thoughts about you. So, as my confidence built up, I asked God to close all the doors, take away all the distractions, and anything else that was not from Him. And so He did.
After work, I drove back to the mall, again the experience of meeting you, seeing your beautiful smile with those beautiful eyes, and your sweet voice. I hurried there and as I walked through the mall and into your store, you walked out--I knew it was a sign that you came from above.
So I caught up with you, nervous as can be, and gasped, "I know this is sudden, but would you like to go get a hamburger?" And, with an angelic voice, you answered, "Yes!" My heart started to pound and butterflies fluttered in my stomach. Joy filled my heart. I wanted to dance like a child, but my feel would not move. All I could feel was my heart pounding.
Thanks for the great time. Hope I can see you again soon.
No one in this world knows the feeling that I get when I see you. They have no idea what I feel when I hear your name or your soft voice. Nobody has ever made me feel the way you make me feel, and that is such a crazy feeling. All I know is that I want to grab you and be in your arms forever and forever and never let go. I want to kiss your lips and never stop--just keep on going.
Every time I think about you, it gives me more strength to carry on my life. It makes me happy to be alive, knowing that you've come into my life. All I know is that I want to be with you! And I hope that you, too, want always to be with me.
I have known you for such a long time. This letter may come as a complete shock to you, and I apologize, but I must tell you the way I feel. Ever since the 3rd grade, I have been in love with you, and considering we are both 25 now, that's a long time.
Girlfriends of mine have come and gone, but I always compared them to you, and no one could really compare. I have never known someone so beautiful, so giving, and so honest. I love being with you. I love the memories that we have shared. You're the only one who will ever hold the key to my heart. I've wanted to tell you that for so long, and I just couldn't find the right time or the right words. I love you--and that will never change.
You are the most incredible woman I have ever met. You're so outgoing and so friendly--and you always have so much to say. You're so sweet, and your heart is so big. I have never met anyone with a heart like yours, and I love you for it. You're the type of girl that, when you walk into a room, all eyes fall on you, and everyone's heart brightens up. You're the type of girl that men dream of when they close their eyes at night. You're the type of girl that guys can't wait to bring home to meet mom. You're the type of girl who I dream of spending the rest of my life with.
I hope some day I gain enough courage to tell you how I feel, because losing you to someone else would devastate me. I love you, always and forever.
Let me see your face at least once a day. Don't take this pleasure away from me. I get anxious when you even pass by without giving me a glance! I wait the whole day just to see you. You are the view that quenches my hungry eyes. My respect for you grows each day; already it's as big as a mountain.
I make no expectations of you, and I am not waiting for something in return. All I want is for you to let me see your face at least once a day!
It's becoming hard to see you anymore because it inspires me so much, and I'm so very attracted towards you now. I don't want these feelings to grow anymore, but I need to ask, "Can I see your face every hour of every day?"
From,
This letter is prompted by the noblest of impulses, so don't misunderstand the message it is going to convey.
When I met you, as if by a God-sent blessing, I thought that I saw a light of soft understanding. What had come over me? I never felt like this before. Yes, before I met you, I lived a peaceful life. I could come and go and feel no trouble. But now, I am disturbed, both body and soul.
Can it be my imagination, or is it that love has struck too deeply, and I must pay for what is asked of me? I have tried to restrain myself. I have tried to stifle my desires, knowing that I am not worthy. But love's orders are imperative. Who am I to battle the call of fate? I know that when I saw you, Cupid had marked me for his victim. Yes, it is love that has taken root in my heart.
Let me console myself that I have loved you in name only, a way that lingers only in imagination, in a mere dream, in fantasy, the creation of my lonely heart. Here I am still longing for your attention. I love you!
It has been a long time since we first met. I can't believe how long I've loved you, and how long I have contained my love.
The look of your eyes and that smile that you gave me melted my heart away. Those smooth cheeks--oh, I wished I could have kissed you right away. As soon as I saw your face, my knees weakened, my heart throbbed, hoping I could get nearer to you.
I loved the way you looked at me the other day. My mouth felt numb, and I stuttered and I couldn't talk. I wished I had the courage to, though, because you're the most beautiful angel I've ever seen. I have been waiting years for you now. I hope I'll be able to talk to you soon. I just don't have the courage to yet.
Thanks for the smile you gave me. I really melted inside. I could say nothing, but just stared at your natural beauty. I wish we could go out together some day, and that we could have our nights by the beach. I would pour my feelings out to you then. Thank you for the feelings you awaken. No matter what happens, you are in my heart. I hope I'll be able to hold you in my arms and tell you that I love you. That's all I need from you. I love you--that's my promise.
We have been friends for a long time now. Every day spent with you is like a wonderland of surprises. I've stood back, watched and listened as you told me of your past loves. If you only knew that there is a true love waiting for you--patiently. A hug from you makes me feel brand new. But these are words I'll never say, and so I will just sit back, patiently waiting; loving you in silence.
Life is so unpredictable. Changes are always coming, big or small. I ask myself what is really special about you?
It might be all the things I see on the surface, the things that everyone notices and admires about your qualities, talents, and wonderful smile so obviously connected to a warm and loving heart. These things set you apart from everyone else. And it might also be the little things--the way you walk, the way you talk, and every action. It gives me joy just to see a smile in your eyes. If I ever figure out the magic that makes you so special, I'd probably find out that it's a combination of all these things. You are a rare person. I find you really amazing!
Inside me there is a place where my sweetest dreams reside, where my highest hopes are kept alive, where my deepest feelings are felt, and where my favorite memories are kept safe and warm. I find that you're on my mind more often than anything else. Sometimes I intentionally think of you just to make my day brighter. But more often, you surprise me and I find you in my thoughts. There are even times when I realize you've been a part of my dreams. Then during the day, when my imagination is free to run, it takes me into your arms and allows me to linger there, knowing there's nothing I'd rather do. I know my thoughts are reflecting the loving hopes of my heart because whenever they wander, they always take me to you.
Only special things can come inside my heart and stay. And now, I realize how deeply my life has been touched by you.
You are like a dream I never thought would come true for me. When I just hear your voice, I start to smile with joy. My eyes shine with joy if I even believe you are thinking about me. When you sing the song you wrote for me, it makes me feel as if we were meant to be together. You are so special. I pray we will finally know if we are meant to be with one another. I haven't even talked to anyone like you before. You make me feel special like no one has before. The things you do show me that you are such a caring person and will love me till the end of time. I just want to be loved and have someone love me in return, the way I've always wanted. I want to find my best friend, my soul mate, my lover, and my Prince Charming. I feel as if you may just be the one I am looking for and have been searching for all my life. These are the kind of feelings I have for you now.
Hey, Baby, I know we haven't been dating very long, but I want you to know that I love you from the bottom of my heart. From the moment I first met you, I knew that I wanted you in my life, whether as just a friend or something more. Baby, I prayed for a long time to find someone like you--someone willing to fight alongside me, someone to make me smile and someone who would truly love me. You're in my thoughts, my dreams, and every breath I take.
I know that this is true love. I feel like I can tell you anything. You know things about me that even my best friend doesn't know now. You're always there to pick me up when I fall and to dry my tears. Thank you, Baby. I love you.
I never thought I could really love someone as much as I love you. We started out as friends, just talking, but over the last couple of months I've truly fallen for you, head over heels. You're not one who can admit how you feel, but I believe somewhere in your heart you have feelings for me, too. I know you would not have just wasted your time for nothing. You know I care. You're the only person who could ever put joy in my heart and a smile on my face.
I don't want you to leave me. I told you, I'd wait for you if you got sent away and that's the truth. You said if that ever happened to me, you would wait for me, too. I hope that's the truth, too. I will always love you. I can't see myself with any other guy but you. That's the truth. I'm in love with you.
Hi, Sweetie! I didn't have the courage to approach you in person, so I hope you will consider the words written in this letter. I have so much inside my heart that it speeds my breathing sometimes. I know we just met, but these feelings I have for you keep glowing and growing every day. Now that I have met you, I go to sleep thinking about you, and the next morning I wake up smiling because I may see you.
It's amazing how you got me and won me. I never thought I could love this much, but I was so wrong. I just thank God for having found you. We were meant for each other, and no one can change that. I love you with ALL my heart.
