The best thing that happened in my life was the day we first met. You captured my heart with your sweet smile, your tantalizing eyes, and you kissable lips. As time passed by, we became closer, not just as friends, but more than that.
You gave me your heart, I gave you all my love, and now our world goes up and down. We faced many trials and circumstances, but we surpassed them all. Now, however, things are pretty black. I don't know went wrong. Do you?
Now it's time for me to say goodbye. It's not because I don't love you anymore, but just to give you time and space to think about what you want to do, but always remember that I will still love you.
RE: Describing True Feelings
I am writing you this letter to tell you how much you mean to me, and to thank you for coming into my life. You are something I never thought could exist for me. You are the best thing that has ever happened in my life, and I don't regret telling you how I feel.
I have been through many relationships, but didn't really take any of them seriously. I was used and abused by a guy who I really loved once. So I decided to play guys the same way that guy had played me. I wasn't born nasty; a guy made me this way. Since then I have not taken chances with a guy again. But you happened; you came into my life and stole my heart away from the day I met you.
At first I was confused. I didn't really know what I wanted. I didn't know if I wanted to take a chance again and actually take you seriously. So, I decided to come close to you as a friend and find out who you truly were first and what you were really like. You seemed cool, nice, and funny--some things I really liked in a guy. So I took a chance and got together with you.
In the beginning, things didn't seem to go very well. I actually had my doubts about you, and I wasn't sure you were actually taking me seriously. But it was too late to turn back. I had already fallen for you from the day I first met you, and I wasn't really looking forward to giving up so soon. I tried so hard to know you. I wasn't going to let you go so easily!
Well, time has passed, and I have discovered new things about a new me. You have truly changed me. Still, in a way, I'm scared, because I'm growing a deep feeling inside my heart that I just can't explain, but I know it's there waiting for you to come and uncover it. I truly don't know what your feelings are, but I don't want to force you to tell me something you don't really feel towards me. I want to receive love and trust from you when you truly mean it. All I ask of you is to show me you care and not to hide anything, and to also trust me the way I trust you.
This is the final letter I'll ever send you. I never knew love until I met you. You came into my life through a dating site on the Internet, and I'll never forget that night we met in the chat room. We shared our hopes and dreams for the future. I just pray when you read this letter, it touches your heart and restarts what we had before. I love you and want to be with you. I want so much for us to have the best life together.
If only you knew how your absence has affected me. You gave so much hope that we could have a relationship and now you have taken that hope away. To cut me out of your life in such a manner is cruel. How could you have changed so much unless what you said in the beginning was not true?
I remember the exact moment I fell in love with you. At that moment, I realized how perfect you were and how much you meant to me. Not long before that, I had my heart broken and I told myself that I would never fall in love again. Now it seems that I love you but you do not feel the same toward me and you want to end our relationship. I wonder how you can be sure that this does not work for you.
I would like to have another chance. If I never get another chance, I want to thank you for allowing me to share some great times.
I don't even know what to say. There are many things that swim through my mind. I don't think you realize how much I love you. I would do anything for you. I've put off my friends and my family to be with you. Whenever you've needed me to do anything, I've done it which might be some of the problem. I think you expect everything from me now, but you don't really appreciate it.
The conversations we've had about our friendship and where it's at and where it's going are so confusing to me. At one point, you told me how important I was to you. Then you tell me that you don't see how you could ever love me. The truth is that I never asked you to love me. I'm content loving you and just having you there as my friend. I hate the thought of not having you around anymore.
Maybe someday you'll appreciate me but right now I have to concentrate on me and hope that someday I will find someone to love me for a change.
I love you very much but you tell me that I should not because you are not ready to fall in love. You say you are afraid of being hurt. You should know that not every time you fall in love you will get hurt. You should take a little time and think of the good things that can come of it, instead of only thinking about what could go wrong. I believe that we have been very supportive of one another and that some good things happen between us. Can you learn to appreciate me and realize how good we can be together?
I feel like you are pulling away from this relationship. There are times when you tell me that you love me, but I do not feel like you love me as a man is supposed to love his wife. You tell me this is so unnecessary, but you need to realize it is necessary to me. I am living on our love and when it feels like it is one-sided, that hurts more than you realize.
You also do things that confuse me especially in how you treat our children. You don't seem to try to be understanding; they are growing up and you seem afraid to lose them. But children do grow up and leave home and there is nothing to fear. They will always be our kids; we will always care for them and they know that.
When our children are on their own, we will have more time together. That time can be great for us and especially for rekindling the passion that we once had. You have told me this many times and now you seem to have forgotten and are upset that we will have an empty nest. We are going to be happy and I will do all that I can to make this come true.
I want to thank you for all the love, happiness, pain, and tears you have brought into my life. I always told you that you came into my life for a reason. And yes, it is true, you have taught me to love unconditionally, no matter how painful it was. I will always remember the love we shared, and the thought of it will always bring me a smile with no regrets, even though it brought me both joy and tears.
You have strengthened my faith and brought me closer to God, as I always depended on Him because I was always afraid to lose you. I never really lost you, did I? I know you loved me--not enough to hold on to me but enough to love me for a short time. Although I was not able to behave properly with you, I am more cautious now and wiser.
You hurt me; I can still feel the pain of every word you told me, especially when you weren't sure if you loved me or not. I used to ask myself, how could this guy who had once put sweet, loving messages on my answering system hurt me now so badly with his hurtful words. I loved you so much that when you pushed me away, I lost my self-esteem, my self-confidence, even my ability to think, so I realize what I felt for you was true love. You actually made me stronger when you hurt me this way. I did not say it was good for me to be hurt, but it was only because we shared true love that I could be so badly hurt.
It is silly, but the tears you brought me cleansed my heart from all past hurt. I probably still might not be over what I've suffered in the past, but this experience made me a better person. I still cry when I think about you. I still have sleepless nights, still wake up too early, thinking of you. I still wish we could be together. I still wish you loved me, but I am a better person now, able to understand things better, not just from my point of view. I can better understand other people's emotions now, so I don't see how I could ever hate you. Thanks for bringing out the best in me, for all the joy, for giving me the best thing that ever happened in my life--YOU. I know it's not the end for me. I shouldn't be ever afraid to love again; I only need to be wiser.
In my heart, you will always be more than just a sweet memory of the past or the love that once was, much more than that. I only walked away because you asked me too, because you thought it would make you happy, but my heart is never letting you go. There will always be a place in my heart for you, even though you have given up on us.
I guess I will always love you. I will always love that simple man, the sweet you, the sensitive you, the affectionate you. And I will always miss your loving messages, your admiring glances, the sweet kisses, your strong arms, the feeling of being safe around you, your sweet smile, our long telephone conversations, and our late night dinners.
I will always turn around when I see the same color van you drove, or see your letters in a license plate and stop, smile and think of you. I will always look back on the places we've been with that special joy in my heart. The time we spent was brief, but I loved every minute of it, and I will always cherish it.
I thank God you came into my life and I love you and always will.
Some days you feel so far away, and that's when I feel the most confused; I feel as though we aren't even together. Though you've talked about forever and you say you love me, what do those words really mean to you? To me there is no definition, no meaning that has any value, and I wonder if you are being true. Can I really rely on you? Though you've hurt me many times before, I've always found it in my heart to forgive--forgive the pain and see through the tears. So, I wonder what is the true meaning of our love, or is there really any meaning left? I can't help but ask myself the same questions time and time again.
So where does the line between love and hate fall in this relationship? Where is the space between the good and the bad, the truth and the lies? Sometimes I just want to give up on us. But how can I give up on you, when you still have my heart in chains, when you still have your arms around me, around my soul? I want to leave, but I still love you. Sometimes I think I will always love you, and that makes me cry.
Every day we are apart, the memories fade, but the pain grows, which is exactly the opposite of what the effect of time is supposed to be. Is this the result of losing my first love? If so, I wonder how you are feeling. Are you wondering as I am if we should try again? Or do you truly want to say goodbye forever?
Neither one of us can deny that we once cared nor that we enjoyed being intimate. There were many times when we said "love you" at exactly the same moment. I had hoped for a love that would last forever, but that was not to be.
I am glad that you were my first love and I hold onto the dream that we may get back together again or go forward and each find a true love.
I am very sorry we can't be together. I am writing to let you know how much I love you and miss you. I will be leaving here soon, and I don't know when I will ever see you again. Before I leave, I wanted to let you know how much I love and care about you.
Wherever I am, I will always love you, no matter what happens. I just wanted to say goodbye, I love you. I always have and always will.
It's been a long time since you've heard from me. Although we see each other every day, I can say that things are different now. The atmosphere is cold, as if we don't have something in common anymore. It's been so hard for me to accept that we're living separate lives now, looking at things as if we're strangers. The pain that you brought me is not easy to forget. Every day I'm hurting, but trying to survive.
Sometimes it's easier because I didn't think about you all day, or maybe I did, but chose to ignore the thoughts. Little by little, I'm beginning to learn how to love myself and not think about you. Sometimes I still feel emotion and think about the past and the good memories we had, even if I knew that it would make me feel worse.
My environment, especially in the office, has not been helpful for me at all. It's painful to see you, day in and day out. Sometimes I want to quit and start a new life far away from you, but it's hard. Just the thought of not being able to see you makes me weak. I know it's not healthy, but it's my way of trying to be happy.
Every day, I'm waiting for signs, which usually leaves me with hopeless expectations. Every move and every action you make, I interpret. I'm like a fool watching you every moment and so desperate for you to notice my existence. A simple smile makes me happy. A short conversation makes my whole day brighter. I need you to ease my aching heart, and it doesn't take much to keep me going.
I'm still not over you. Even if I repeat 1000 times that I am over you, I know deep in my heart that I'm not. I'm still waiting and wanting to be with you again. I still want you back!
I don't believe our relationship can survive another break up. It seems that we constantly go back and forth, and so many suggestions and promises stay lingering over our heads.
You've got your life all sorted out, except for this relationship and, by the sound of it, you're miserable. Why are you here? Why do you insist on staying together if you're not happy?
I told you once upon a time that I was only on the backburner of your life, and here we are months later, and I'm still back there. Perhaps it's the difference in age. You said last night it was. We want different things--we're at different stages in life.
It's not even the marriage issue any longer. I suppressed that subject in my mind and in my heart a while back. This time I'm looking into the future, and I can't picture us being happy. I cannot see where you will place me as a priority in your life. I don't see marriage, I don't see kids. I don't see you having any interest in being my partner for life. Can you give this relationship the attention it so desperately deserves or not?
I'm not sure I can go on anymore the way things have been. I will let you go if I have to and move on.
Every day, every moment that goes by I think of you. My brain tells me to give up, but my heart says I can't stop loving you. I spend all day dreaming of the moment you would call to say you feel the same way. As much as I try to pretend, the truth is, I can't stop loving you. I don't know how to stop.
I will cherish the moments we have spent together, from our very first kiss to our last. I miss the way you kissed me, the way you looked at me and rubbed my face. I miss you calling me "Ms. Maynard" (because you know it gets on my nerves). I miss you missing me, I miss everything about you. I miss our phone conversations, and the way we would spend hours talking about our native countries, and the different ways we grew up. But most of all, I miss my best friend.
I will place the moments we've shared together in a time capsule and hide it in the most secret place of my heart. And maybe 20 years from now, if or when we meet again, maybe then we can both open the capsule together and be reminded of our wonderful friendship.
Gosh, my life is miserable! I finally met the right guy (you), but he's not available. I'm in love with you, but we can't be together. I've got to tell you, though, for the first time in months, I can finally smile because, although you didn't say much the last time you called, I could tell you still cared.
You can keep on denying it, you can keep hiding from it, but you are only lying to yourself. Every day I ask myself, "Why, why do I feel this way? Why can't I stop loving you?" Then it dawned on me--you've put a spell on me! Just kidding.
Before I go, I want you to know that you will always have a special place in my heart and, like I've said many times before, I do not regret anything we've done. The only thing I regret is you telling me you love me, because since then you have given me nothing but the cold shoulder.
Please don't be scared, I want nothing but your friendship, well--I do want more, but I am willing to settle for less. I am not trying to make you feel bad or push you further away. I am just trying to make you understand what's in my heart.
I love you with all my heart, and I will always love you.
Hey, I just wanted to let you know that I still love you with all my heart. I don't know what I'll do without you in my life.
Even though I try to spend time with other people, you just can't be replaced. I'm so hurt that you've given up on us. I know in other people's eyes we weren't the best couple, but in my eyes we were.
I miss everything about you, and I can never get you off my mind, no matter how hard I try. People keep on telling me to just let you go, but it's easier said than done. I just can't let you go. And every time I try, it never seems to work out as I plan.
Every day I pray that you will come back to me, telling me you love me and you'll never leave me again. You will always and forever be my baby, my heart, my soul, my friend. I just thought I should let you know that I'll never forget you.
It's been a long time since we've talked, and I miss you. I miss that summer and everything we had. I know I acted silly when we were going out, but maybe you did a little, too. If I could turn back time, I would make things better. I heard people say some things, and I let them influence me. I wasn't mature enough to talk things out with you. Instead, I acted like a little girl by ignoring you when you tried to talk to me. I'm sorry for hurting you. Now I want you back in my life because I need a friend like you again.
I don't know how you feel. I know my feelings for you are still the same, and my memories haven't faded.
Now I realize that you don't ever know what you've got till you lose it. I lost you and I regret it. This is how I feel, and I miss you. Can we talk again? I would like to.
Every morning, I wake up realizing what I did, and nothing in the world can make it go away. I'm sorry for leaving the second time, and I regret that decision. When we met each other at the Liberty Diner and I saw your face, your eyes glistened with the same sparkle that mine had when I first saw you. I felt driven. That feeling has never left and will never leave.
I remember waking up to next to you, watching you as you slept, watching the way you walked to your car, the way you answered the phone, the way your lips curled when you said "I love you," the way you blew in my face when I took your breath away and, most importantly, the way you showed me how to love you. Those are the few things I miss, and I would give anything in the world to have all that back again. But my mistake cost me happiness and the love I'll never find again. It hurts me day in and day out to think about it. And what hurts the worst is knowing that I hurt someone who was in love with me.
I am still so much in love with you. My leaving left me with a lot of pain, the kind of pain that I wouldn't wish on anyone. I'm not good at writing letters, as you know, but this is how I feel.
I love you so much. I cry every night thinking about you.
The pain you have caused me is unbearable. I cannot sleep, I no longer eat. I wish things could be as they were in the beginning, but now I realize that is impossible. I have insulted your intelligence and criticized your looks. That is a dumb thing to do and I wish that I had not.
All I can ask for now is your forgiveness although I yearn for so much more. If I could undo what I had done, I would. I regret those negative comments. I apologize for my behavior and hope that you agree to a new beginning.
Maybe one day, our paths will cross again. I wish for that and if this wish is granted, everything will be different. I will treat you how you deserve to be treated, and I vow I will never cause you any harm or pain.
If only we could travel back in time, I would do all the things that I did not do last time. I would be good, not throwing tantrums anymore, cherishing you for who you are, and I would try to be the best love of your life. When I think back on those days we had, it pains me again and again, for I can't imagine how I could have made such terrible mistakes that caused me such a high price--losing you.
Regrets and remorse are what I feel. Even now, a year after we parted, I still care about you and love you, no matter what. We have formed memories for each other that no one else could ever replace. At least we've carved special memories in each other's hearts in which we were the other's first love.
If we could travel back in time, I would seek for every opportunity to hold on to you and not lose you. I would follow you no matter where you went, I would swim the deepest ocean, climb the highest mountain. I love you.
If only I could find the courage to give you this letter. I never knew love until I knew you. We shared our minds, bodies, hearts, and souls with each other. We shared a feeling so deep that it simply couldn't be put into words, but I never knew loving someone could hurt this bad. We have hurt each other in ways we promised we never would, too.
The love in my heart for you will never change. People say that time heals all wounds. But the truth is, I still dream of you, I still cry myself to sleep thinking of you, and I still wish on every star that you were here with me. I hope and pray every day that I will run into you. I still look out the window, hoping you will pull into the driveway. First thing I do when I come home is check the answering machine. I still love you and want you to have the best in life.
What hurt me the most is the day that should have been one of the biggest in our lives: the day our daughter was born. I was scared, I needed you. I always thought in my heart that you would be there for that special moment, no matter what was going on. As I lay on that hospital bed, having your baby, I thought you would show up. I prayed so hard that you would come, but you didn't. You didn't even call to see if our newborn child was okay. I have never felt so scared, lost, and alone as I did that day. I wish I knew why, I wish I could understand. If you ever need me, though, I'll still be there. You have a special place in my heart and, no matter what, you'll always be there.
I hope one day you will come around and get to know and love our daughter. She is one gift from our love you gave me that you can never take back.
Thank you for coming into my life. The day I wanted to end my life because he left me, you came to tell me that life must go on. You were sent to be my angel. Thank you for everything, for all your sacrifices.
I miss those times when you called me "Honey Bunch." When I was exhausted at the end of the day and called you, you were always there to listen to my troubles. You have been my inspiration; you helped me achieve my dreams. But now, they've all fallen apart.
I know I'm not the kind of woman you dreamed of, I don't have the perfect body, but still you loved me for who I am. I remember you once told me, "It doesn't matter if you can't love me too." If you only knew, Baby, you were my life, my friend. If you only knew how happy I was to have you, and how my life fell apart when I lost you.
I know that I've hurt you so many times and that I shouldn't be bothering you now. I know that I said, "Let me go," but still here I am asking for another chance. Things really changed when you left. My life started to lose direction. I must admit, I can't move on now.
I kept on blaming myself because it was my entire fault. I've been too selfish, too hard on you. Now I'm starting to realize that you were too good for me. You are a very good man, and you deserve someone better than I am. I tried to change for you, but my efforts were not enough. I hope somehow that I made your life special, anyway, though I've not been perfect for you. I hope you'll be happy now and that you can find the person whom you truly deserve.
If you really decide to let go, then there's nothing I can do. I know "sorry' is not enough for the things I have done, but I hope my sincerity is enough. I regret the foolish things that I have done. Because of those things, I lost you, I lost my life. And I'll never love again because of that. But if you can give me another chance, I swear this time I'll make sure I won't hurt you and never, ever let you go.
Even if it will take me a lifetime, I will wait for you to come back. I would not want another love. I'd rather be alone than be with someone who could never take your place.
We've done our best to make our relationship last longer, but things happened and we had to say "goodbye." This goodbye would not mean forgetting our memories; they are too special to forget. It does not mean forgetting the things in our past that made us both better individuals. Maybe we had to say "goodbye," but I want you to remember this--you will always have a special place in my heart. I consider myself lucky to have experienced a love as wonderful as ours. For the last time, I love you.
Hi, how are you? Things on my end are going--well, let's just say that I am alive. I have never been the type to express exactly how I feel, but there are a few things that I would like to tell you. Every morning I wake up and there is a pain that shoots through my heart. The thought that I have to spend another day without you rips my soul apart.
I know we thought it would be better for us both if we ended it, but the time I have spent away from you has taught me that I am inseparably a part of you, and you are a part of me, and that the best place for both of us is with each other. It pains me to know that you wake up with another woman beside you. It pains me to know that I could have let the best thing that ever happened to me leave without a fight. What hurts the most is the thought that you might not feel the same. I can't see my future any other way, except with you in it. It scares me to think, though, that you can so easily envision your future without me in it.
It's been a long time since we've spoken or even seen each other. When we were together, it felt so right. I miss the way you would hold me. I wish you knew how much you meant to me. I know this is all my fault and I wish I could take everything back. I think about you all the time. You're always on my mind. You were the best thing that ever happened to me. I pray that one day we will meet again and things will be like they used to be. It was only when I was with you that I felt special and felt the love that words can't describe. I will always love you and you will always have a special place in my heart.
I notice how, when I'm around you, you aren't your usual cheery self anymore. I don't think you need a person like me in your life right now. You really need to worry about the future, and it doesn't look like I'll be a part of it, and I just bring you down.
I still think our relationship can work if we both want it. I care for you very much.
Let's have a break. I'll call you next week.
Where do I start? I wish I could tell you how much I still love you with all my heart. You're thousands of miles away, but I would walk there this instant just to see your smile.
You were my great love at one point in my life. You would think that I'd be over you by now, but I'm not. I never told you how much I loved being with you. I became all yours. They say if you let something go, and it comes back to you, it's meant to be. You came back to me once, but then you left me again. I still love you, Baby, and I hope you're doing okay wherever you are. Let's call one another.
Never did I imagine that, at my young age, I could fall in love. I always believed love to be something built out of maturity and respect.
Words can never express the way I feel, but I'd like to try. First of all, you made my heart beat faster with every touch. I loved holding you, kissing you, just being with you. You were everything I wanted and admired. If I had one wish, it would be to feel the thrill of knowing that out of all the people in the world, you could choose me. I was the one you needed; your best friend and you were mine. And now we are apart and I am lost without you.
I pray every night for you to come back. Every time I think of you, I decide: "Okay, think of the last happy memory when you were together; then move on." I never can.
You are all I think about, and I simply cannot imagine life without you. I would like to be in your life again if you feel that our relationship could work. Let's meet and make and talk about this.
It has been such a long time since we became friends. We have shared so many good things together. I laughed and cried with you, shared some sparkling moments with you. But there is something that you didn't know. I love you. Not just as a friend, but as someone who wants to share a lifetime with you.
It doesn't matter if you don't love me, as long as I can love you. I have always asked myself why I love you, but I cannot answer. I won't let this love ruin our friendship, a friendship that we have shared for the past two years.
I only wish that if the time comes when you will find out how much I love you, you won't hate me. For if you do, I don't know what will happen to me. Just remember one thing, though I will always love you.
I get sad when I look back on our time together. I withdraw into those moments we had that were so consumed with passion and so full of promise. If I could go back and relive each of those precious moments with you, I would certainly do it even if I knew the pain I would face when the time came to walk away.
My feelings for you were feelings of love, unlike anything I have ever known. I wonder if I will feel that strongly again. I've also had to accept the fact that what I felt was one-sided. I loved you and I have no regrets about that. You were always very honest with me. Never once did you lead me on. You always made me face reality and deal with life. How do I say "thank you" for something like that? I know we were never actually together, but the memories I have of you are treasures.
After the first couple of times we went out, I knew I was in love with you and wanted to be with you for the rest of my life. Being with you brings great joy because I'm so in love with you.
I promise you this: I will never cheat, lie, or do anything to hurt you. I seriously want a strong relationship that will head towards starting a family. Having a child with you would bring another person into our lives that we can love. The thought of having a child that looks like you and a little like me gives me goose bumps.
I will love you always and forever. But please let us talk about our future.
I know I said I was over you, but I miss you every day. I miss the things we used to do, and the relationship we used to have. I thank you for caring for me in your own special way and loving me through all these years.
I wonder each day if we can ever rekindle that love we once shared, because it hurts when I think of you with someone else.
Do you remember our song? I listen to it every day and it has many memories including when we first danced to it. I know we made mistakes, but I still love you, and hope I can get you back in my life.
The pain you have caused me is unbearable. I cannot sleep, I no longer eat; even breathing is difficult now. I wish things could be as they were in the beginning, but now I realize that is impossible. I have done nothing but insulted your intelligence and questioned your beauty, which I assure you is unlike anything I have ever witnessed. Your eyes shine with an amazing radiance, your smile is divine, and your image remains cemented in my mind. It is ironic, because you were my one and only true happiness, though at times you were my only sorrow.
All I can ask for now is your forgiveness, though inside I yearn for so much more. I yearn for your gentle touch, to gaze into your mystifying eyes again, and to kiss your full red lips just one more time. If I had known things would have turned out this way, I would have done things differently. All of my immature insults would have been compliments instead.
I can do nothing but apologize for my behavior. These feelings of love are so new to me. I have never felt for anyone what I feel for you. I have pushed you away, and spoiled my opportunity if, in fact, a chance ever existed. Maybe one day, our paths will cross again. If this wish is granted, all will be different. I will treat you how you deserve, and I vow I will never cause you any harm. Until then, I shall suffer the punishment I have dealt myself.
It's been years since the last time I saw your face. I have seen many beautiful moons and sunsets, but no trace of your smile. My heart has longed for you, as the flowers long for rain. What have you been doing all this time? I hope you remember the way I used to call your name back then, when we were seeing each other. There are so many things that I can't forget about you. How your hair glistens in the sunlight, the way you speak, the way you walk--I love everything about you. I wish I could be where you are right now. To hold you and tell you the very secret that my soul has kept inside up till now--that I love you. My purpose in life is to protect you and find everything you want and need. As I write this letter, I can almost feel you near me.
Last night, in my dreams, I saw your face. You are so beautiful. You were standing at the beach and the wind was blowing through your hair. Then I started to reach you but as soon as I was getting nearer to you, you faded away, and I couldn't do anything about it. I started to bow my head and began crying, but then I heard your voice calling me. As you faded away, I found myself remembering everything about those beautiful moments I did spend with you.
I always dream of you this way. The days pass by, but my love never passes, it just grows stronger in the depths of my heart. Please don't ask me why I still long for you. My heart will always belong to you. You are my heart, my life, my world. You are my one and only love.
Although you may never read this letter, I just want you to know that I never stopped loving you. Although our time together was short and ended mutually, my feelings haven't changed, and I still love you with all my heart. I know it is too late now to think you will ever come back to me. We had our rough times, and sometimes we didn't come out as strong as I would have liked, but even with the way things turned out, I still love you, and probably always will. I deeply regret the day I wrote the letter that ended our relationship. I love you.
It's been about two months since I last talked to you. That conversation did not end well. We both seemed hurt and confused. You said that you did not want to be in any relationship with as many arguments as we had. I agree with you but I do not think that I am the only one to blame. I know that I was often responsible, but can you take some responsibility for the misunderstandings? We agree that we both care for one another but do you believe that we can both change enough to make this work?
My heart aches and it seems to still care about you so I am going to call soon.
It's been nine months now since we called an end to our relationship and still you occupy my thoughts. At night, I toss and turn, trying so hard to forget you, then fall asleep and find you still there, haunting me in my dreams. I remember a time when I could not wait to go to bed and think about our times together. Now those sweet memories are nightmares which torment me.
I wish that I knew the words that I could have said that would have kept you with me. If I could find them now, would it be too late? Have you moved on so quickly? I know time has passed, but for me it seems only yesterday that we were laughing and planning our lives together. I know you were scared, but so was I. You are probably scared still; I know I am. I wish I had you to comfort me. I wish I could also comfort you.
There are so many things I wish I hadn't done and so many things I wish I had done. I wish I knew the words to tell you how I feel. I'm certain there is something I should have said. If I had found the words, I could be holding you instead of writing a letter.
My mother always told me, "If you find the one you think you're supposed to be with, don't let him get away. If you do, you'll regret it for the rest of your life." I already regret. I loved you so much and still do. It wouldn't have mattered what we had to struggle through, we could have made it. Wouldn't the struggle have been better than separation? My heart tells me that it would have and I want to try.
I miss you so much, Honey Bear. Please think about our getting together.
It is really hard to begin to describe the way I feel about you. I have told you for over a year now, and we are still not together. You tell me that you don't feel the same way. No, let me take that back, you tell everyone else you don't feel the same way (you don't love me). If you are afraid of hurting me, then not saying anything to me face-to-face hurts me more than anything. No matter what, I can't seem to stop thinking about you or believing we were meant to be together. I guess that's how love goes. You must struggle at the beginning to find true happiness in the end.
Maybe I've tried too hard or have gone the wrong way. I don't know why we aren't together, but I do know my feelings are real. There certainly isn't real communication between us. I definitely am not myself around you, so you really haven't gotten to know the real me.
If only we could start over and forget that I have feelings for you, we could get to know each other better. So, am I a hopeless romantic? Then you are a man of pain and anger. I guess I believe there is a prince inside every man, including the beast. No matter what, you will never make me feel sorry for loving you. I don't know if I have made any sense at all, but I'll end this letter now. I have waited a year now to go out with you, but I'll wait forever to be with you.
We were together so many years and although we have traveled different roads, our hearts remain joined. You were and will always be my soul mate. I wish we had both expressed our feelings way back then, but neither of us really knew what we wanted at the time.
Our paths cross from time to time and when I see you, I wish we were still together. Whatever the future may bring, please remember I will forever be waiting for you on the sidelines. I love you and always will.
My mistake was letting you go. I do so because I believed that needed something more than what I already had. I now know that I was trying to find a love that I already had with you. My mistake was thinking something was wrong when really we were experiencing only life changes. My heart did not change.
I now realize that we have missed many months when we should have been together. And the fault is mine because I was the one that set this problem in motion. I know that I will have to be the one who works out a solution, if you will let me.
I hope that you will agree to try to save our relationship.
It has been a long time since we really had a talk. Each time we meet, it's either filled with animosity or silence. I know I am the one who has caused things to be like they are today, but how could you have changed into someone that I can't recognize at all? You were never just another person to me. Of all the people I have met, you were the only one for me, the only one that I wanted to spend my life with. I know I threw everything away by not cherishing you, and I know I don't deserve to ask you to come back now, after all that I have done. I am too ashamed of myself to even face up to everything that I've done.
My promise to you is that I will wait for the day when all the bad memories are erased, when we can truly start anew and carry on our lives together again. This is the vision I have of the future, and the only thing that I look forward to now; to walk with you by my side again.
If only you knew how much your absence has pained me. I no longer have that safe place to go to, that special place that was you, safe and secure, and so full of love. I have never experienced such terrible pain which comes from knowing I'll never get to see or hear from you again as my love.
To have given me so much, to have made so many promises, telling me that I could put all my trust in you and that you'd never let me down, then to cut me out of your life in such a manner was cruel. But you decided my fate. By coming into my life, giving me something wonderful and making me believe in you, only to take it all away has sentenced me to a life of emptiness. I don't think I can ever trust anyone with my love again. I'll never know what it's like to be intimate with someone again.
You moved out leaving me behind with nothing but memories. This pain is my lifetime sentence for loving you.
But I refuse to be bitter. So I wish you a good and happy life and hope that we can someday get back into touch as friends.
I met you when I was at a very low point in my life. You were like a shooting star--so bright and so beautiful. You brought light where there was only darkness, hope where there was despair, love where there was emptiness, and passion where there was indifference. You made everything new, bright and shiny.
Every day became a special adventure. Your kisses left me breathless. When your arms were wrapped around me, I didn't want anything else. I never felt so loved and so safe. And then, as quickly as you appeared, you were gone. It seems my love was not enough to hold you. I thought we would last forever. I guess I was wrong. I miss you.
Never did I think it was possible for one person to hurt another so badly. I never wanted this for us. I know we could have been great together. I know that I would have stayed with you for the rest of our lives. I gave you chance after chance, but you threw every one out the window. I wanted nothing but the best for you. I loved you so much.
I remember in the beginning how you treated me like a queen. That changed as you became more critical and hurtful. You once were everything to me and now we can't be together without my feeling hurt. It's not that I don't want you; it's because I can not be with you if you do not change your behavior.
I want you to know, though, that I will always remember you as the one who taught me how to love with my whole being. I know this will be hard on you now. It's hard on me too. I hope one day you'll understand why I have to do this. If you agree to get help, call me.
You taught me that I was special and that I deserved all the world could give. You said that I was truly an angel, and that there are people out there worthy of my love. I wanted your love and you said that you did love me.
Then you taught me that love doesn't last forever and that those you love can lie. And you left me. I sometimes wonder if I can stop loving you. The answer is that I can and that I will never again let anyone hurt me as you have. The feelings that I have for you seem still to be feelings of love. Perhaps they are, but they may also be feelings of sadness about what I had hoped we could be together.
The strong desire that you had for me seems gone. I feel like you do not need me that way anymore; that you just want a family with no strings attached. And it seems that you no longer want or need intimacy which is so important in our marriage. We had many moments earlier in our marriage where we definitely had the need to share ourselves and I miss that intimacy. There does not seem to be enough loving. Have you lost all physical desire for me? I hope not.
If there is something that I can do to rekindle our love, please help me to understand. As I have said many times, I am willing to listen to your needs. All that I ask is that you tell me what you need and that you listen to my needs as well.
Can't you see that everything I do, I'm doing because I have to? When I tell you that I don't want to be with you, I say it only because I have to. When you ask me if I love you and I say "no," it is because I have to. I tell you that we can only be friends; I say it because I have to.
I have loved and been hurt too many times, so I promised myself not to get hurt again. I have given up on love because it gave up on me. So, if I were you, I would just turn around and leave. I am sure you will find someone who won't hurt you.
Do you want to know what the saddest part is? I'd rather live with the pain of never knowing what could have been than risk my heart ever again. I am sorry.
Words can't begin to explain how much you meant to me. You were by my side through thick and thin. You taught me how to see the world through someone else's eyes. You helped me discover who I really was, and who I want to be. You filled my heart with so much joy, but then something went wrong. You took it all away in the blink of an eye. It was only when you started to fade away that I began to see who you really were.
Now I think of all the memories we've shared, and I want to thank you. Thanks for all the good advice you gave me, like: "Reach for the highest star. Follow your dreams and you'll get what you want. Don't let the scoffers bring you down." Thank you so much! You left emptiness in my heart when you walked out the door, but I still wish you all the best.
I'm wondering how it came to this. I can't help but think about all the good times we once had together. You were there with me through it all, but now you're gone. I don't really understand why you chose to do what you did, knowing how much I loved you at one point.
I was always there for you, no matter what, and even after you cheated on me and broke my heart, I still tried to make it work but that was foolish. I finally have the strength to move on. I always thought it took a very strong person to hold on, but I finally realized it takes an even stronger person to let go. So, I guess today I have to be that stronger person.
I was told that time heals all wounds and time just makes things a little easier to bear. But the truth is that I still cry myself to sleep thinking of you, I still dream of you. I get dressed every day and put my makeup on in case we see each other. I still look out the window, hoping you will drive up to the house. There are times, too, when I believe I must be crazy to want you back. You were not there for me many times.
You have hurt me in countless ways, in ways you promised you never would.
What has hurt me more than I ever had warning for was the night I called you from the accident scene. I was scared and I needed you. For a countless number of times, I was there when you needed me and it seemed fair that you would be there for me, too. As I waited on that hospital bed, I thought you would show up. But you didn't. You didn't even call for days. I have never felt so scared, lost, and alone as I did that night. I wish I knew why, I wish I could understand why you didn't come.
Strange as it seems even to me, I still care for you. I do know, however, that I have to let go and that is what I am doing.
Today my life has been changed in a way I cannot yet accept. I have so many questions running through my mind. Please consider my delicate heart. I am as a child made out of glass and to lose you would shatter me.
How is it that so much time spent loving and caring for someone can suddenly crumble into nothing? How can words of tender endearment suddenly be turned to comments of blind hatred and revenge? Why is change such a feared entity? Where is it we go when we step outside the comfort of familiarity? How do we recreate joy when so much emotion is trapped beneath the rubble of failure? Where do we find the know-how to pick up all the delicate shards that reflect the beauty of true love?
Is there a cloth gentle enough to wipe away the blood of our bleeding hearts? How can we absorb the surrounding happiness of our friends, when our close friendship has been sapped of any remainder of happiness? How can true love end? The transition between love and friendship is a blurry path. Please remember you have been in my place once before.
It has been about a year and a half since seeing, hearing, and feeling you next to me. I hope you know that you are still all that is important in my life. Though you made the decision to stop acknowledging my existence in your life, I can never escape the pain and sorrow of the void you have left in my heart and soul. With each passing day, every time I remember to breathe, I die a little more.
On the day you asked me to let you go, you didn't know I had planned a new beginning for us. I had planned it all out perfectly--buying the ring that I could afford at the time--and finishing what I should have done a long time ago by finalizing the steps I needed to start our new future. I had gone to court the previous day and turned in all the paper work necessary to begin our new life together. But you asked me to let you go instead.
As time went by, I started getting used to living alone, but I never gave up hope that you would come back, yet all this time has passed, and I have come to the reality that I would never see you again. The ring I bought, the life I planned, and the happiness I had dreamed of are all imaginary images now that will continue to torture me as time goes by. If only you knew who I really was, how much I loved you, and the proposal I had planned to make to you that very day.
I don't know how to begin this letter; I have such deep feeling in my heart. I never thought this would happen, never thought that it could be over, and that we would say our last goodbye.
I want you to know that you will always be in my heart. The times we spent together I will carry forever, deep in my soul, in the hopes that one day we will meet again and still feel this incredible, everlasting love for each other.
The choices I have to make are hard and this decision is one that no one should have to make--the choice between family and the one I love. How can this be? Why is this so?
I leave you with this final thought: one day we will meet again, and our love will shine again, and each of us will be free to honorably continue this relationship.
Goodbye, my love--for now.
I'll always remember our first date until my memory fades. It's as if I was awakened from a deep sleep. I felt like breathing again. I never thought that someone could make me feel this alive. I'll surely treasure the memories we've shared till I grow old. It is true--you never realize what you have until you lose it.
I want to tell you so many things. I want to share my feelings with you. I want to open my heart up. I haven't mustered enough courage to tell you what I feel for you. What I want to say is I've loved you since Day One. Since we said "hello," I knew deep inside me, you'll be a part of me. I've loved everything about you.
I don't want to lose our love. Let's talk about it.
Do you know that I've fallen deeply in love with you? You always say: "We'll be together forever" and my heart melts. I've tried many times to let go of this relationship but every time I think of letting go, the thought is too painful.
We have had some bad times, but the more arguments we had, the closer we got. I feel so close to you now that I believe I need you always by my side. I cannot imagine life without you; it would be horrible.
I'm a girlfriend who loves you very much and I hope you can understand and that you feel love towards me.
Through all those precious moments, magical times, and meaningful words--thank you. Even though we are no longer together, I want to say, "thank you." Know that I really want you back. I need you here, but I know I can't have you again because we've wasted our love too many times.
I'm sorry for the times I was so self-centered and never had the time for you, sorry for those words I told you that discouraged you, sorry for the times I wasn't with you. If I could be given the chance to show you again how I really feel, and if I could have you back, I would never leave you again. I would spoil you so that you would know that I really do love you, even though I'm so far away.
Life still goes on for both of us. I wish you will find that perfect girl who could really love you and you could love in return. Maybe she will be taller, prettier, smarter, and funnier than I am, and everything you want from a girl. I just want to say, she will be the luckiest girl in the world to have someone like you.
I really don't want to lose you, but before I have to say "goodbye" again, I want to say, "Thank you for loving me for just a little while. I'm so sorry. I will always love you."
It's been quite awhile since I've written you a letter. After all the times we've been apart, you're still the only one I'm longing for. You see, life has never been the same without you. Every day and every night, I fight this empty feeling but, try as I might, I can't win. It seems like you've captured my heart, and my heart can't escape.
After knowing you as my love, you now say that it's over and that you love me only as a friend and that breaks my heart. I would do anything to spend the rest of my life with you. I know that it wouldn't be easy to stay together, but life isn't easy. To think that you can change your mind about loving me is painful.
That is why I can't stay; if I leave, maybe I can put my heart at peace, and my mind at rest. I will always think of you and carry the memories of the love that once was but now I have lost.
Every day I think about you. I miss you so much. I know too many things have happened for us to even try to work things out again. Too many nasty words were said between us. I know you will always be my best friend, and I will always love you and keep you in my heart.
I think that with every day that goes by without you, you will become easier to forget, but you're not. It's actually harder every day to get over you and the kind of love that you and I shared. I know you still love me, and I still love you, but I don't think things will ever again be like they used to be.
You are everything to me, and I know I was the one responsible for everything that has gone wrong between us, and for that I am forever sorry! Please forgive me for everything that I have done to you and to our relationship.
I love you now and will continue to love you as time goes by.
I need to tell you the full truth about the way I feel. The first time I ever saw you, I knew you were for me and I for you. The first eye contact between the two of us was the most powerful feeling of love from a man that I have ever had in my entire life. You took my breath away, and now that you're gone, I still find it hard to breathe.
You treated me like a queen; you always were there for me and you showed me that gentlemen are still living in this society. I wish that I could touch you again, hold you, kiss your sweet lips, and spend the rest of my life in your arms. You are my soul mate and will always be in my heart more than any other man. I pray one day that you will realize this and come back to me.
My sweet knight, I love you with all my heart and soul. When I am in your arms, you make all my worries disappear. I never felt so loved and so happy! I know with you everything is possible and our dreams are destined to come true. You love has taken up residence in my heart and I will never again be alone.
You are truly sent from the heavens where the bravest and sweetest knights come from. I completely overjoyed to know that you will be my husband, and I will be your wife. The love I feel for you is often hard to put into words. I promise you my sweet knight that I will go the distance to show you how much I need you in my life and how much you will always mean to me. The love we have is the true love that belongs to two soul mates and will continue through eternity. I love you!
I am soon to be your wife!
When I hear your voice, my stomach aches. You were my first kiss, my first true love, my first everything. I met you unexpectedly, and from the beginning, you stole my heart.
You never judged me or asked me to ever change anything about myself. You loved me for who I was and always made me feel beautiful. You tried to get me to love myself the way that you loved me, but I was insecure. My insecurities caused us to argue. I know we both made mistakes, but I fought with you more than I loved you, and I don't know why.
I love you more than anything. You weren't just my love, you were my best friend. You were always there for me, but I let you get away. I know you love me and I know how you feel about me, which makes me think my dreams will still come true some day. You are my shinning star. Please shine for me again.
It really hurt me so much when I learned about the other girl. It hurts when you're holding onto something in vain; something that really isn't there. Those times when you were near, I waited untiringly. It really broke my heart when I finally realized you never really loved me. If and when you had loved me, that was not enough for you to hold onto that feeling. I'm coping now, but uncertain when I can really say that I'll be over you. I dread the day that you'll be getting married, so I always ask the Lord to take away all this hurt and let me move on with my life.
Seven days have passed and my life has changed. I can't see tomorrow, knowing that today is gone. I had everything with you and the kids, something called a family and a home. Now it's all memories with nothing in the future. My life has fallen apart. I look forward to the end of my pain, and yet I've felt the deepest pain a man can ever feel in his heart--a cut so deep that neither medicine nor time can heal it, all that remains is the pain of being alone.
Give my love to the kids and tell them although I'm not there in flesh, my spirit looks over them.
We rarely see each other or spend any time together anymore. Things seem changed. What has gone wrong? Do you want me to be in your future? Will you give this relationship the attention it deserves? How can a relationship survive if there is only one person doing the work of two? We are close only when we make love, but even that side of the relationship is suffering now.
I'm not sure I can go on anymore the way things have been. I will let you go if I have to move on because we each deserve to be with someone who truly loves us.
I do, however, want to give us one more try and if you too want to try, let's talk.
What happened to us? The promise we made five years ago to say "I love you" every day, no matter what? I know I have shut you out in many ways, and that is only because of the distant and matter-of-fact attitude I sensed coming from you. I wish I could stop loving you, as you apparently have stopped loving me, but I have never lied to you and I won't start now.
It was and always will be a special moment for me when you walked into my life. Like a prince, you turned my world into a fairytale of love and passion unknown to mankind before. I believed you when you told me we would always, "If nothing else, let's be best friends." Have you changed your mind?
I realize you may never read this. I can only hope, as you used to tell me that this message, like a bottle at sea, will find its way to you and let you know that I will always love you, no matter what, and that these memories will never fade from within my soul. "Soul mates," you said. If you believe that, then you don't need these words to know what I am feeling. Love hurts, and I know we have those circumstances in our lives that have kept us apart, but now I believe that if they weren't there, if it were just the two of us, we would still be where we are right now--a thousand miles from nowhere.
I love you and I miss you. I don't know how to stop the pain of losing both a best friend and my first love. Be happy, my darling, and I will always wish upon a star that someday you will walk back into my life as you did once before.
Even though I see you often, it's difficult for me to express my feelings to you, but I have so many things I need to share with you, that I will try. Many years have gone by since we were together, but I am still in love with you. I miss you and pray that one day we will be able to begin again where we left off.
I am unsure how you feel about me and I hope that you will tell me. I wonder if you are living a happy life or are you, too, yearning for what something else.
I wish I could be with you again, because I feel that I need you in my life. I'm afraid this might take a miracle, but I am hopeful.
I never knew what true love was until I met you. From the first minute, I knew that you would be different from anyone that I had been with yet. And I was right. You were my first true love. I felt loved and loving when I was with you and, if I could rewind time, I would do a lot of things differently so we could still be together.
You say that we can never be a couple. Well, in that case, I feel we both lost a true love. We had everything going for us right down to our families approving of our relationship. Have you thought about that? Even our friends thought that we could make it together and I would like to try one more time.
If you would like to try, please call me. If I do not hear from you, well I guess I'll have to accept that I lost what was a true love.
So much is on my mind, although I don't know where to start. To be honest with you, I really think our love is dying. Things don't seem to be the same anymore. I really love you and I want to be with you, but this is not how to go about it.
The first time we broke up, you told me you wanted me back and that you loved me. It seemed like it was true, but now I don't know where our relationship stands. I'm feeling really confused. I don't know if I'm your girlfriend or just someone you can make love to. I need answers.
What happened to you coming over here after work, or you calling me on your lunch break? You don't tell me you love me anymore, either. I really miss all of that and want things to go back to the way they were.
I really wanted to tell you that when we saw each other at the game. You know what hurt the most? You didn't even come over and say, "Hey," or give me a kiss, a hug, or anything, and I'm supposed to be your girlfriend. When do you plan on showing me that I am? It really hurts to know that my own boyfriend--the one who supposedly loves me--can't come over and say "Hello," or anything, but when you're not with your friends and it's just you and me, that's another story.
I'm just going to have to leave you. I don't want to do it, but I want things the way they used to be, and it looks like that won't happen. I love you but your love obviously isn't as strong as you say it is.
I love you and that's for certain, and I always will.
When did we decide that we wanted to be in a relationship? Or did it just happen? We seemed to get along and care for one another but then I began to feel hurt deeply and often. You criticized and made fun of me and I continued to wonder why and how did things change?
And now you are gone and I wonder where you are in your feelings toward me? Do you regret how you mistreated me? I would never have imagined how much someone I once thought that I loved could hurt me. I still feel pain but it eventually turns to anger because I did not deserve the bad treatment.
You wrote and said that you would like to try again. My answer is that I need some assurance that you will try to change your behavior. If yes, please call me.
It's hard for me to start this letter. After I talked to you last night, I thought everything would be fine, but when I woke up this morning, I realized that I had wished it was only a dream. I told you that I'm not happy anymore, partly because I wasn't, but the real reason I said it was because I wanted to feel I was still special to you, that you still loved me, because you have changed so much. Lately, I feel you've taken me for granted. I don't know if I'm just being paranoid, but I really miss your sweetness, your presence, your care. Last night, I wanted to hear that you didn't want me to go because you still loved me, but instead you answered me back with coldness and indifference. It really hurt me a lot. I realized I still loved you, despite your attitude. Love you so much.
My love, my sweet--I look back at the years we shared together, and how amazing my time with you was. Sometimes it breaks my heart to go that far down the road and be reminded of how much I loved you, how much we loved each other. I have never felt a love as deep and true as that which I had in my heart for you. How could two people that felt as if they could never live without each other, and then become so distant and far apart? How can a love that was meant to last, crumble right before our eyes? What happened to our love--what happened to us?
I would never have thought that I could have questioned or doubted what we had. You're an amazing man and you've helped me to discover my dreams and inspired me to become the woman that I've always dreamed of becoming. I am a better person because of you--because you believed in me, because you loved me. I love you dearly with all my heart.
I look in your eyes and see a love that is still there, but no longer radiant and alive. Does that mean that we stopped loving each other? Absolutely not. You are the dearest person in my life and will remain so. I love you with all my heart, but I accept that we are traveling on different paths. My love for you will always remain constant and my past memories of you will be relived in my dreams. Though our roads are different, our paths will still cross, now and then. Maybe someday, we will travel down the same path once more. Until then, my sweet love, you will always reside in my heart.
I am unconditionally yours.
I was afraid to fall in love so I kept up my guard. I was afraid to be dumped or used, but you showed me what true love is. You had been loved and left before, too, and I know that you were as scared as I was to get involved.
I know I have done some things to hurt you, and I am really sorry. But now both our lives seem empty without one another. I know now how much I love you and I want you back.
I want the house, the careers, the trucks, the kids, the animals, and the whole nine yards. My love for you continues to grow, and even though I will be gone for awhile, it will never fade. You are my one true love, and I hope you will be there for me. I trust you and love you with all my heart and soul. You are everything to me.
Why did you leave me? Was she that much better that you wanted to hold her and not me? What made you decide that you were not right for me?
You once held me when my world seemed empty. How could you leave me so suddenly? You broke my heart. You left me with only memories. I will never forget the time you kissed my hand, and I kissed you back so our pain would go away. But now there is another girl. Who is going to be there for me now to kiss away the pain you have caused? If you are moving on then I am too. If you want to think twice, call me.
All I wanted from the start was to be with you. God knows how much you mean to me, not only as a friend, but with deeper, greater feelings as well.
As you know me by now, this is a way for me to pour out my heart to you, to let you know it's dying because you're gone.
You brought back the light into my life when all I could see was darkness. You brought back the smile to my face when all I could do was frown. Most importantly, though, you brought back the love and trust that I had lost for people. We shared plenty of moments where we opened up to each other and shared our secrets, our feelings of happiness, sadness, sometimes anger and intimacy. We promised each other that, no matter what, we would always be together because fate had decided we would be. But now you have decided that it's not what you want any more.
How can this be? Why now? Why now when my heart fully belongs to you? Why now when I have fallen in love with you? Why now when I was ready to be with you for the rest of my life? I find fate can turn out so cruel and twisted; it's always getting my hopes up, just to bring them back down again. Each time the pain comes back, it's stronger and longer.
Why did you do this to me, when you knew I would have done anything for you? When you knew that all my hopes and dreams surrounded you? When you knew that not having you in my life would cause me so much pain? But I know I can't change your mind and, more importantly, I can't change what you feel in your heart, so all I can do is ask you, why?
I miss you every moment.
March 20th was the hardest day of my life--I left you. But not only did I break up with you, I moved thousands of miles away! I wish that things could have been different, better, so we could have been together still.
Every night I fall asleep thinking about you, wondering how you are, where you are, if you're alright, and if you still think of me, and miss me, and love me, like I do you. Every morning I awake, wishing I could kiss your lips again and be with you. I yearn for your love and everything about you; I hope one day we'll be together again. I know we were meant to be, so I know our paths will cross again, and we'll end up back in each other's arms, where we belong!
I wish you were still mine! I miss you and love you so much!
There was a time when I thought dreams were enough for a broken heart. I guess I was wrong. The stars in the sky lost all their meaning. At times I feel the need to cry, and the night can't hide my tears. I try to hold onto our memories, but that's not enough to fill the void in my heart. I'm over you, at least I keep telling myself that, but it's not true, I still love you.
I have not stopped thinking of you since the last time I saw you. I know that it was difficult for you to share some of your experiences with me. It was hard for me too.
And now I want to share some of my thoughts with you.
I have carried with me a deep-seated hurt that seems to have no end. I kept telling myself that maybe I could have done more to let you see that I needed you in my life. But I didn't, because there was nothing more I could do. And the paradox is that I knew you hurt just the same when you turned away; I knew that you did not want to part. I knew I had to respect your wishes and give you your personal space.
I don't have the answer to why I started missing you so soon. In spite of my good promise to call you and keep in touch, I let my life get so busy that time has slipped by. I could have gotten in touch sooner. I hope you know that I meant to call. There was not a single day that went by without a loving thought of you.
I remember that you even made things okay when I was at my lowest with family matters or with work. You made me realize how precious and fragile love is. You were my lover, my teacher, and my friend. In short, you made a great difference in my life.
We are not together now but I am grateful for what we had and wish you would call.
Baby, I miss you so much! It seems like forever since I saw you last. Every day now is just like the one before. I sit around just thinking about you, wishing you were still mine. The thought that you belong to somebody else is too painful to bear.
I wonder sometimes if you tell her that you love her and that she is the perfect girl, like you once told me. Do you tell her the stories that you told me? And the song, "Unanswered Prayers," do you tell her that it reminds you of her?
Maybe someday we will find each other again and appreciate each other more. You are the love of my life, and I know you still love me too. Good-bye for now. I love you.
