I've loved you since the day we met in the Philippines. Then I lost you, and now I have found you again. You are everything to me. I have not let a day go by without thinking of you.
I have not stopped loving you since the day we met again after more than 30 years of separation, with me missing you and wanting you by my side. Now, every day is a new day for us, especially when you leave home and give me a goodbye kiss before you go off to work, then return in the evening to my open arms.
While you are at work, I am writing these few lines to tell you how I felt in then, and how I still feel NOW about you. I love you!
I know we have been through a lot in the past ten months. With our daughter being in an accident and us separated at the time, we needed to be without pride in our way. I have loved you since the day I laid eyes on you. And I know that no one is perfect. I just hope you remember that also. But no matter what, we have learned so much from each other. Our love has survived so many trials. From selling our dream home to seeing two children in the hospital. Through it all you have always remained in my heart. You make me whole and complete. I never want to take our love for granted again.
We wasted too much time already being separated for so long. You have and always will have my heart and soul. I am yours for the long haul. I know at times you get angry, but that doesn't outweigh the times you want to kiss me. I am writing this letter to make a promise to you that I am going to try as hard as I can for us this time, as long as you will have me. It's so rare what we have. I would hate to lose such a beautiful person in my life; who not only is the love of my life, but a love I never really thought could exist for me. You are my soul--if you only knew. Without that, I can't really live, at least happily. I love you and always have.
I will always regret the day that I broke up with you. You mean so much to me. You're my world, my love, and my best friend. I remember those days walking in the park. Those days were the best days that I've ever had in my life. Each day, I walk down to that park and sit on the bench that we would always sit on. I would sit there and soon sadness would overcome me, and. I would start to cry because I had lost you. I know that you would never come back to me because you're afraid that I might hurt you again, but that's not true. I would never hurt you ever again if you just give me another chance.
Two years have passed, but I will never forget how we first met. I was standing there at the department store when you walked past me with a wide smile on your face. A minute later, you sent me a note, on the back of which you wrote your telephone number. I was seeing someone else then, but I felt my heart skip a beat when I saw your smiling face. I'll never forget the conversation we had then. Although you're not much of a talker, your presence alone is enough to make my day. You claimed that I was your "love at first sight."
As the days passed, I realized that it was wrong to try to be in love with two women at the same time. Upon knowing my consciousness, you withdrew yourself. I still remember that painful moment. There were tears in my eyes, but you just walked away without turning back. I never heard from you since that day, nor even bumped into you anywhere. After a year and a half, I still have feelings for you.
My other relationship didn't work out, and I was hoping that I might find you. "Miracles do happen," people say, but I didn't believe it until I saw your face one day, but now, at last, we're together! I just want the whole world to know how much you mean to me. You are everything to me. I lost you before; I don't want to lose you again. Till now, I always asked myself, "Could this be real? Is he the ONE for me?" The positive answers to my questions are in your hands. I have faith in you and never will I give that up. Without your love, I'd be half a being. Maybe one day you will understand. Now and forever, until the end of time, I love you.
Things are hard right now, and they seem to just be a big blurry mess. But I don't blame you for any of it. I know this is both our faults so I don't expect you to say or do anything. I know that we are trying to fix all the screwed up things in our lives right now, and I hope we do get to make everything as good as it was before. I am only truly happy when I am with you. Your presence just lights up my world. Everything I am and everything I have is dependent upon you.
I am sorry for the way I have mistreated you in the past, and I know you are sorry for mistreating me. We can be happy together again if we work everything out, and I know we can. You are everything to me and I love you with all my heart. I hope I can learn to open up to you and let you know how I feel. I also hope that you will be able to recognize when something is wrong. But no matter what we do or where we go, I will love you. I will always love you, Baby. You mean the world to me. I hope we can fix everything and go back to the way we were.
Baby, I can't even begin to tell you how much I miss you--your fragrance, your laughter, the way you do things. I want more than anything to get our love back together, to see you happily smiling and, most of all, to have you proud to stand beside me again. I've hurt you so much, and I am so very sorry for that pain. I want to be the old me again because I do want to be with you every day and night for the rest of my life. But most of all, I just pray that you will take me back in your heart because I don't want to cause you or our kids any more hurt or pain ever again. Baby, I love you so much and really miss you a lot. I just hope one day you will forgive me for what I have done.
When we first met, my heart was filled with joy and love. I could not ever imagine life without you. Now, due to my selfish ways, I no longer have you to hold and to love. I miss you, Baby. My heart still beats, but it beats with no purpose, no meaning. It beats with an empty rhythm. Only you can fill my heart again and make it beat with love, with hope, with eternal life. Please, Baby, let's try to put our relationship back together. I need you--my heart needs you.
My eyes couldn't see that you were always there--surrounding me in your love. My heart was closed and I took you for granted. I had to lose you to find you again. For the first time, I truly see you, the lover of my soul. For the first time, I see your smile, the light in your eyes. For the first time, I see myself as I was without you. For the first time, I see myself through your heart's eyes. With you, at last, I know what real love is...for the first time.
Our love started with so much hope, so many dreams. It was a fairy tale that took us both by surprise. It blossomed into a true love that bonded us together. My Darling, my heart and soul belong to you. My destiny belongs in your hands.
Our memories are filled with so much joy, and yet so much pain too. In my heart, I know the joy outweighs the pain. I want to embrace the joy and hold it close to my heart where it can live forever. I want to remember the pain as a lesson, a lesson of how much we almost lost. A lesson of life to be lived with a memory of how not to behave. You and I have reopened the door of conversation. I want to know the man you truly are. We can never hide from each other again. This journey I ask you to walk with me will be joyous at times and rough at other times. I don't offer you perfection. I offer you me, a woman who has weaknesses. As long as we can share, and I can show you me (the true me), I feel strong.
My love, I don't know how we are going to work thru all of our problems, but I want you to know I am here for the long haul. I want to be with you for the rest of my life. I want yours to be the first face I see when I awake and the last one I seen when I close my eyes at night. I want your hand to be the one I am holding when I die.
I have never doubted my love for you, and have never doubted the love you have for me. How do you think I have survived the last four months? I had to leave you for a while because feeling that love and not being able to express it or see it in your eyes was creating such suffering in me. I felt like I was dying inside. Your love has filled me with such warmth, such light, but not to be able to truly feel it coming from you was the darkest, most frustrating hour of my life.
I need you. I need to feel you in my arms. You don't know how hard this is to admit to you. For I haven't admitted that I need anyone for so long. Especially not to myself. It really makes me feel vulnerable. Maybe with your help I won't have to feel this way any longer. I do need you, as surely as I need to take my next breath.
I need us to hold hands and laugh together, love together, and also to cry together. My life is joined with yours, my love. Not just for the present, but for the past and for the future. Especially for the future. We are separated by so much distance but my love, you live in my heart. You are never far. All I have to do is think of you and you are here.
I wish I could offer you promises. I wish I could paint a future with no uncertainties. But I have none to offer. I have no idea what the future holds for us. I just know I want us to experience it together. I think it will be an adventure. Even as I write the word "adventure " I know what it means. We have shared so many, and they have never had to be earth-shaking. They are the little ones that have climbed into our hearts and found a home. They are the kind that have created the sweetest memories. They are the kind that only you and I can share and appreciate. That's where my love for you comes from. That and knowing so many new memories await.
Sometimes the depth of my feelings for you takes my breath; sometimes just the thought of you makes my breathing more energizing than any I have ever experienced at the same time it calms and soothes me. Sometimes, it's so light, it's not like breathing at all, and that's when I'm sure I'm in love. That's when I'm sure it's true and lasting. It's not just when I think of you, it's when I think of us. But it's really not a thought either, it's an inner presence, it's a sureness.
I am trying to be patient for us to be together again, and you know I'm probably the most impatient person in the world. I don't care how long it takes for us to work this out because I am so sure of the outcome. For me the outcome is a life of happiness.
My Darling, come dance with me for the rest of our lives.
Eighteen years ago you walked out of my life, and I confess to you that it was the worst thing that ever happened to me. You had such an impact on my being that nothing in my life has measured up to that experience or amounted to anything of such importance.
Now, once again, you are back in my life, and it is the most wonderful thing imaginable. My every thought is of you and each time that I am able to talk to you, I am drawn closer and closer to you. I must tell you that I have held you in my heart all these years and nothing has ever made me forget the love that we shared. I do not know what the future holds for us, but I am thankful to God that He has brought you back into my life, and I have a second chance.
At any given time when you command it, I will be there for you. Nothing else in this world matters as long as we can live the rest of our days together.
I love you, my beloved.
I am writing you this letter to express my love for you. I know we have been through some tough times, but then we never started our marriage off on the right foot. We have been apart now for six months, and it has been the hardest time of my life. I tried to steel myself to keep you from hurting me again and built a wall of defense around my heart. Now you have come back into my life again, and the wall has begun to crumble.
There is nothing more in this world that I want other than to start our marriage over again. I know that you are just as scared as I am, and you are afraid to take the steps to do that. I want us to forget about the past that brought us the hurt and pain that we caused each other and that caused us to start all over again. I want you to feel the passion, affection, love, and care that I have to offer you and that I have never been able to show you. We found something special together, and I don't want to give that up. We need to give this marriage the fundamental chance it never had. I know we can do it if we try. I have always said that you are my soul mate and the one I would be with forever.
My heart is here waiting for you and ready to put it on the line again to try to make our marriage work. Will you do the same? I am taking this second chance and having faith this marriage will work. I need you to do the same, or we might as well call it quits now. I believe that God will give us the support that we need to make this love last forever if we do our parts. We invited him into our marriage nearly five years ago and asked Him to watch over us and protect us. I believe He will do so again.
There is no other way to say it other than, "I love you, Baby, with all my heart and soul." I am not ready to give up on us. But I need your help and your love, too, because I cannot do this on my own.
It's not necessary for you to respond to this letter. I just wanted to express how I felt inside. I just want you to know how much I love you and I miss you. You will see how happy we can be together, and you won't regret it.
I am so amazed at our relationship. It has been my only dream to be with you again. I am so glad that we have come together to share what we had both been missing for too long. You make me feel as if I am the most important person on earth. It is the most wonderful feeling in the world to feel the love that we cherish. I have loved you since the day I laid eyes on you, and I am excited to be sharing my life with you again. My love for you is beyond any love I have ever seen or ever known. You are my passion for life. Our love is everlasting. It is rare that two lovers so in love reunite after going through so much. I am thankful for your forgiveness and am enjoying every waking moment I spend with you. You mean the world to me; you are my friend. I love you and am so grateful to share what we have both been missing.
With all of my love for eternity,
I love you very much. I am deeply in love with you and no one can change my love for you, and no one means no one. You are the true and unconditional love in my heart, and I can't even think of living without you. You are my angel, you are the one ray of hope in my life. I don't think it's possible for me to live without you. Even the thought of living without you makes me uncomfortable.
But I don't know what has happened to you. You are not behaving the way you used to. Now whatever I say, you think I am lying. I just want to tell you now that what you're thinking is completely wrong. I am not that kind of a guy. You think that I am after someone else, but this is not true. I know you will say that you will not ever leave me, but I want to see you act like you did before, my sweet babe.
And please forgive me for all the hurt that I have caused you. Please, I beg of you to forgive me and come back to me. I love you, and I always will, until the day that I die. Hopefully, when that day comes, I will still have you by my side and you will be the last face that I see. I will be able to hold you in my arms one last time, and tell you how much I love you and how much you really mean to me.
Please try to understand my feelings; You are the only one for whom I would ever stop a bullet--yes, even sacrifice my life. Please understand this, and please come back to me as you were before.
If you still think that I am lying, if you still do not believe me, then throw this letter out through the window and just give me a call on my cell phone. I promise I won't ask you the details of why you would do this to me. If you think that I am true and my feelings for you are true, then just open your front door. I'll be standing there, waiting for you to give me hugs and kisses the way you did before.
The reason why I miss you so much is because I am in love with you. The nights I am not with you is like when a bird is locked in a cage. You and I were like Barry White and Doldean. My love for you is so real. I want you back, and I have told you that many times. You say you love me and that you want me back too. I want to let you know that I miss you. I am in love with you UNCONDITIONALLY!
As time goes by and we're apart, I think of how things could have been. What we could have said or done to work things through. I would have been more understanding and not so judgmental, more loving and not so hurtful. I would have told you I loved you and cherished you more often. I would have promised you that there can never be, nor will ever be another person who I admire like you, or who has reached the depths of my heart like you have. I would have told you that I'm so very proud of how far you've come and the things you have accomplished.
But how could I ever find the words or the actions to explain to you just how much I love you? It would take a million lifetimes to even comprehend my feelings. If such words were easy to express, I would have told you that you took my breath away the very first time I met you. I would have told you that you made be believe in love the first time you kissed me or that you stole my heart the moment you uttered those magical words. I would have told you that every time I looked into your eyes, I saw my destiny. My one and only. My soul mate, my best friend, my lover, my husband, my inspiration, and the father of my children.
I can still close my eyes and feel the softness of your lips against mine and your tender fingers as they caress and explore my body. I would have told you that my knees and my entire body would tremble every time you looked deep down into my eyes and explored my very soul. You made me feel like you could read my innermost thoughts. Life just isn't anything without you.
I wish that there was a way to make time stop, so we could go back to the time when we where happy. We both know that before we can go back to when we were one, we need to rethink some things about ourselves, in order to make this relationship last. I hope that one day we can find a way to get past this, but until that day comes, I want you to know that I will wait for you a lifetime if necessary, because my love for you is never ending. Don't let our love fade away and our memories scatter to the winds. I'll wait until you come back into my arms (where you belong). I'll love you from now until death and forever onward. There is nothing or no one that will ever change that.
From the first time I saw you, I was attracted to you. Unfortunately we didn't get together until later. But never have I regretted a moment I spent with you! Unfortunately, as I started being distracted with straightening out my future, I forgot about the most important person by my side--you. Things became a mess, but you still stuck by me. Please don't let go now.
If I were able to travel back in time, I would go back to the moment I met you and start all over. That time I would have a better understanding of what needs to be done and what makes you happy. We are only human, though and, as humans, we can't do that. The next best thing that can be done is to let me do what I would do if I had that other option now. Let me love you as you should be loved and take care of you for the rest of your life, to see all the places we talked about, and to grow old together, to support you when you love me, or just be there when you just need a shoulder.
I am not giving up on you, and I don't ever want to. Fate will never be in our hands, and we can't control the future. Let love be as it is, and let's be happy together while we can.
How are you doing now and today? Hope all is fine. Well, it has been a very long time since we've seen each other and I must let you know that the pain I'm having right now is more than what I can express to you in writing.
It's time for us to put away our childish attitude because now I really know how much we are missing each other. Please, do come back to me; you still have a place in my heart, I am assuring you that I have been very lonely ever since you said goodbye.
Remember those days when we both shared together the songs we sang together, how we played together, the smiles that come on us each time we see each other. Don't throw away all the sweet memories, which we have shared.
My one and only, please come back to me. You still have a place in my heart. I know quite sure that you may feel I will not give you a chance based on the old stories. This is the only opportunity we have to rewrite our history. Never mind, just put away your pride because I'll accept any simplicity at any giving time.
Come back, please come back and rewrite our history.
It's me, your one and lonely,
I feel in my heart and in my soul each little thing you say to me. I believe you always know when I am sad, when I am happy, or when I think of you more than I usually do. Your words show me how much you understand me, how much you love me, and how much we are connected to each other. Even with the distance between us, I realize more and more that we were meant for each other.
When I met you for the first time, I thought I'd quickly forget you, but I was wrong. I still have your face painted on my heart and soul, and in my memory. Although a lot of time has passed since the first time I kissed you, I still have your kiss burning on my lips.
Maybe I dream too much, but when I think of you I long to feel your touch, to whisper in your ears words only you would hear if you were mine. There is love so deep inside of me, my love, and in every part of me there is a part of you. You are everywhere that I am. Be certain that I will always be by your side, praying that you will always have a beautiful life.
You are already the star of my life, my sky, and my ocean. I will always need you because I cannot live without air, without water, and without my soul, and you are all of this and more for me. I love you now and will always love you. My body still wants to feel you and your hug. I pray that this day will come soon, but if it doesn't, I will still be here for you and only you. All my kisses are yours, my love. I dream of you.
From a girl lost in love for you.
I'm not quite sure where to begin. I know this past week has been a mess, and it's been both of our faults. I'm not just directing that at you. I have had ten million things run through my mind the past few days, and I am going to try and get a few of them out right now.
For one, I do cherish your friendship. Like I said in one of my messages, you and I have shared conversations about our lives and our families that I would never share with anyone else. The main reason for that is because I trust you, and you listen to me, as I do to you. I can say that I have had some of the most wonderful times with you that I have ever had in my entire life--so much laughing and smiling. I had told you once before that when you speak, I hold onto every word that comes out of your mouth. It's like it's engraved in the back of my mind forever. I don't know why you have that effect on me. Maybe it's the fact that we've become such good friends. To be quite honest with you, I don't trust people very easily anymore, and I could probably say the same for you. I think that is why I did let that wall down and let you into my life and my heart--because I felt safe. So let me ask you, why do you think that I'm building it back up?
Let me explain a little what I want in my life. I want someone to share my laughter and my fears. Someone to listen and to be there when I feel like the world is crashing down on me, and I want to give that same courtesy back to them in return. I don't need someone standing at my door waiting for me to get home, or to be around constantly, because that makes me a little jittery. I do think that since you and I have spent so much in-depth time together, I have become a little dependent on you being there and wanting to talk to you. That doesn't necessarily mean seeing you every day, or talking to you in a three-hour phone call, just the reassurance of knowing that you are still there. "Hi, how are you. How was your day"...just stuff like that. Is that too much for you? It sometimes feels like you only call when you know I am upset. It seems like you hardly ever call just because you want to.
You tell me how important it is to you to have me in your life, but as what? Then you say that if I would find someone who makes me happy, you wouldn't want to hold me back from that. Don't you understand how happy I am with you? When you say things like that, it just confuses me. I'm not sure how you differentiate between a relationship and a friendship, but I am going to tell you how I separate the two.
For one, I don't spend the weekends with my friends, holding them, talking to them, being intimate, that's just not me. It never has been and never will be. The things that we've shared (and again this is just the way I think--you might disagree), the things that have been between us have been very special to me. They go beyond friendship. Like the night we went to Hetaeras; the way you looked at me, and just the feeling that I get when I am around you. Little do you know whether you want to admit it or not, we have been in a relationship.
You yourself have even said that it was the only relationship that has been this special to you, and you've never been so happy. So let yourself be happy, but you have to give a little in return. You have seen the type of person I am, and all that I want to give. I do that for two reasons. For one, it makes you happy; and for two, some people have never gotten a chance to be treated that way, and I think everyone in their life should experience it just once. I wanted you to experience it. Making you happy, seeing you happy...I truly enjoyed that. Well, it's my turn for me to say, I've never been treated like that, and I want to be. I want to feel like I am a special person, that the person I am with enjoys being with me, and in return they clearly show it. Not just meaning physically, but in other ways too. I need to know that someone wants me to be as happy as I want to make them.
I feel like you want me around, but you don't want to put out the effort that would be involved with having a relationship. You enjoy what I give you and don't want to lose me, but you don't want to give much in return. A friendly relationship relieves you of the pressures of a romantic or intimate relationship. I think that is why you stress being just friends. That's fine if that is what you want. But you have to understand what friendship is. Friendship still involves giving and taking. You still call friends and you still hang out with friends. But friendship doesn't involve intimacy. I can't have you hugging me and kissing me. You can't expect us to spend the night together. Friends certainly don't have sex.
As far as intimacy goes, I am not physically intimate with you because it's a need. I am intimate because I'm just showing you how much I enjoy being with you and having you in my life. When I hug you or kiss you, it's my way of showing you that I do, in fact, care about you, yes, as a friend, but also as a lot more.
How do you want us to be? You have to make a decision. We can be friends or we can continue exploring our relationship. But if we are working on the relationship, I expect you to show me your feelings. Show me what I mean to you. Don't just tell me when you are afraid I will leave you. I need to know you want me to stay by your actions. I need to know that you respect my feelings and that you understand them. I need you to give a part of your life to me and not expect that I will do all the work in the relationship.
Do you understand now what it takes to have a relationship? It is simple. Give back to me the things I do for you and the way I make you feel. Well, not even that much. But give something in return. Do something special for me. Just think about what you would like me to do for you and do it for me. Think about what would make me smile and do it. Anything worthwhile involves a little work. Is it worth it to you? Is our relationship worth enough for you to put forth some effort to make me happy the way I work to make you happy?
If it isn't, I understand. In the beginning, I don't think either one of wanted a real relationship, but it looks like one developed anyway. If it developed because I pushed you into it, then I am sorry. I'll back off.
I can't continue seeing you and still feel the way that I feel lately. You give me a mixture of extreme happiness--together with confusion.
You know I love you. It has been almost a year that we've been apart and I still want you back. You must see that. You must realize that I can't give up on us. You were my first and only true love. I made so many mistakes. I shouldn't have been jealous. I see how I had nothing to worry about. I had you and my stupid thinking told me otherwise but my heart always knew you loved me and that you wouldn't leave me, but I had to mess everything up and my pathetic attempts to try and get you back. I tried to forget about you but it is so hard to stop loving a man like you. You're a smart, handsome, good-natured man who has a great future ahead of you, and I want to be a part of it. I believe in second chances no matter how much a person screws up and I screwed up big. I believe we are meant to be together forever and always. We were best friends since the 9th grade and I've loved you since then. Please take me back. Mend my broken heart.
I love you so much, and I miss you. I miss the little things you did like calling me "Boo Bear" or "Baby." I miss holding you, kissing you; I miss everything about you. You just don't know what you do to me; every time I hold you I feel complete. Every time I kiss you I feel bliss, every time I talk to you, it makes my day. But not knowing if I'll ever hold you, look into your eyes, or kiss you again scares me so much.
My heart aches at the thought of not being with you. I cherish the time we spent together--every hug, every kiss, the walks, the talks, just holding hands. I cherish you, I love you, and I'm so glad I found you. I would give anything just for you to be in my arms again; without you I feel so empty. When I'm with you, there is just this feeling that makes my heart beat faster I just feel so good, like I can fly. It's like all the love I feel for you flows through my entire body.
When I hold you, I feel so complete. That's why I love holding you. I want to hold you and tell you everything's going to be okay. I want to comfort you. I know you have been hurt before and so have I, so I never want to hurt you. I want to hold you and make the bad feelings go away, yours and mine. I want to hold you and make you feel safe, protected, supported, and loved. When I hold you, it's like nothing else matters except you and me. I want to take you to a place where time stops and there's nothing to worry about except you and me. I want to talk more about you and the troubles you're going through, so I can help you even more. I want to be with you so you can put your mind at ease and not stress about anything anymore.
We have all the time in the world to talk or do whatever. I wish I could take you somewhere where we could relax and be free and forget about all our troubles. I want to treat you like a queen, the way you should always be treated. You are my queen. How can I tell you that you mean more to me than life itself? I love you more than life. With each passing day I love you more and more. Just loving you has its rewards. I never want to fight or argue with you; I just want to love you.
I just wish you were here right now so I could tell you this. I just keep trying to figure out all the wrongs I've done to you. Maybe I didn't say I loved you enough, maybe I didn't talk enough or open up. Maybe I didn't understand you enough. I just keep coming up with more things that I think I've done wrong to you. If I could, I would go back in time and redo all the wrongs I have done to you and make them right. I just hope you find it in your heart to forgive me for all the things I've done to you and take me back. I should have done a lot of things better that I will do better now.
Every time I'm away from you, I feel so empty. I think that's why I pressured you to be with me when you didn't have any free time. All those miles away from when I was in college. I felt so empty inside, wanting to call you and talk, but I couldn't because I had no money for a phone card. I wanted to be with you so much it hurt, and then when I saw other couples on campus holding hands, I felt even worse. You know what I mean. Each minute away from you felt like an eternity. I love you so much.
I hurt when you hurt; when you're sad, I feel it. When you're depressed, I'm depressed. I love you so much. I don't like it when you're sad. I want you to be happy like you have made me. I'm so glad I found you. I would do anything to see you smile. I wish I could take away all the troubles in your life. But all I can do is comfort you and be here if you need me. I love you and wish I could do more for you. I want to help you and make you happy.
Love is not just saying, 'I love you," to that special person; it's so much more than that. It's helping, supporting, being there for them, standing by their side no matter what happens and doing anything you can for them. Love means forgiving and forgetting whatever mistakes they make and accepting them the way they are. I wish I could hold you and comfort you right now. I can only hope the things I do, say, and write bring you happiness like you have given me. You are my heart and soul. If I can do anything more for you, let me know, and I will do it..
You mean so much to me and I'm lucky to have you. I try to keep everything you send me; remember when you sent me that email that talked about Valentine's Day? I have a copy of it in my wallet for inspiration or when I feel down I read it. I've had it ever since you sent it to me. I love you so (x a million) much, I cherish the ground you walk on, I cherish everything about you, and I cherish you. You mean everything to me, you are special to me and you make me so happy and I feel so free when I'm around you. You're always on my mind. I think of you everyday, sometimes when I see something on TV or hear a song, I think of you.
I love you and think about you all the time and I worry about you. I always wonder how you feel, how you're doing, what you're doing. Because I know you get depressed and sad and I worry about that. I want to try and help you because I've been there and done that. I've been depressed and I know how it feels, that's why I want to help. I love you and I don't want you to have to go through that alone, you may think you have to go at that alone but that's not true. I'm here to help you, I want to support you and I worry about that. I love you so much and I don't want you to worry or be depressed or be stressed out about something. I want to help you and comfort you; I want to try to make you as happy as you make me. You mean the world to me and I love you so much. All I want to do is hold you and love you and make all your troubles go away, I wish I could have told you this earlier.
I just want to make you happy, so happy that you would feel as though you could fly. Babe, let's try to piece our relationship back together. I need you--my heart needs you and I feel so empty without you. I love you so much.
If I were given three wishes, I would first wish to wake up in your arms every morning for the rest of my life. I want to breathe the same air that you breathe, when you awake up next to me. My second wish would be that I never harm you, or disappoint you, or break your heart again. I only want to love you like no one has ever loved you before. My third wish is really very simple. I wish that you would only tell me if you wish for any of these same things. If possible, you may still love me and want me with you so to help us get though life together, happy and satisfied. One word from you and I am sure this can be done, because I love you more today then I did before. My love just gets stronger with time; it never fades. I will always love you; this much I'm sure of. I wouldn't ask for diamonds, gold or a million dollars. None of that could make me as happy as I would be to just have you in my life once more!
How I wish I could undo all that has happened. I want nothing more than to love you and to make you happy. I wish there were words to describe how much in love with you I am, but words cannot
I have been calling you my Marshmallow Man because you have the softest, sweetest heart I have ever known. I'm not letting you go! I would be the biggest fool ever should I do that. You have spoiled me, made me feel so special with your love. More than that, you have made me whole. Without you, I am incomplete; there is a great void in me. I dare not imagine life without you because the mere thought terrifies me.
You are my world, my life, and my love--always. You didn't just steal my heart; you are my heart, my soul, my friend.
There have been so many mistakes made, so many wrongs that cannot be undone. Oh, how I wish I had a magic wand and could take away all the pain I have caused you. Let me make it right. Let me show you how much you mean to me. Please, give me another chance.
I love you so much. I can't lose you. I won't give up on us. I love you more than I can possibly tell you; let me show you. I promise I will love you like you ought to be loved--forever.
I know I have made a ton of mistakes but I would like to put those behind us, if at all possible, so we can go on with the rest of our lives, keep the good and leave the bad behind us. I know that will be hard, especially after all that I have done, but if we could start all over again from the beginning, I will never hurt you again. I know how much I have hurt you because I made the mistake that I regret to the fullest. I just want to be happy and to feel safe that I'm never going to do that again.
I know that it could take forever but if you could please forgive me, that would be my greatest wish. We have both put a lot into this relationship for me to go and screw it up. I just want to make it right again, and for you and me to be back together no matter what it takes.
I love you. I will never leave you. I want you. I need you. You are the greatest! I love you, my Sweet, so please, can you forgive me?
Six years have passed since our first encounter, but in those years, we have made many memories and parted ways a few times. But whenever we parted ways, we have been led back to each other as if there is an eternal spark between us--and perhaps there is. Ever since you first entered my life, I felt as if God sent one of his angels down to me, and this is no joke. Over the last few months, I've felt as if my heart has grown stronger because of the love I have for you. This love gets stronger and stronger with each passing day.
I long for your soft, warm, and loving touch, not only at sunrise each day, but at each sunset and every night as well. I think and dream about you 24 hours a day and 7 days a week. Just hearing your sweet voice at night soothes any blows I've taken during each long day. With a woman like you, I look forward to nightfall and wish that night would come sooner, so we could be together in dreamland.
In October, I will show you my true self and all that is in my heart that I can only vaguely describe to you here. You captured my heart fully this year and I'm glad it was you that did it, for it is just the beginning of the journey that we'll take. The words of this letter cannot fully describe what and how I feel about you, but they are the words and the small voice of my heart. You are a one-of-a kind woman. I want you to know that. I cannot wait to finally have you in my strong arms and declare you safe from the world's harm. I cannot wait to feel your soft lips against mine. I cannot wait to feel your heartbeat in union with mine. I cannot wait to look into your bright, beautiful hazel eyes and tell you that I love you. I also cannot wait to run my fingers through your long, flowing blonde hair to ease your worries.
Last but not least, I cannot wait to actually wake up in the morning with you lying next to me. As I said earlier, this letter is close to my heart and what I feel for you, and only a sample of what is to come. I have to go now. I want you to know that I promise to love and cherish you for the rest of my natural life. Never forget this letter. You are my one and only. I love you, I loved you the year we met, I love you now, and I will never stop loving you.
I thought this letter-writing thing was going to be easy, but I guess it's not always that way. I have so many feelings to express that I have no idea where to begin. I never expected to feel this way toward you; to be honest, I tried not to fall in love with you. But it got me, it sure got me good. Now that I don't have you, I need you more than ever! I read a quote somewhere once that said, "It's not missing you now that kills me, it's knowing that I had you in my life once that does." That is so absolutely true. But what's really bothering me is that I can't tell you how I feel.
I made the choice to let you go in the worst possible way. I screwed up so badly, and I don't blame you for never wanting to speak to me or for hating me as much as you probably do right now. You said some pretty nasty things to me, but I don't hold it against you. I could have said a few worse things if I were in your case. I don't really know! I'm broken, remember?
I just want to smell your skin one last time, tease you about your cologne, hug you, tug on your ear, make fun of your whiteness, and how you get all your redness from the sun instead of from a suntan bottle, sleep at your house with the cold AC, and wear your cool CK pants to sleep. I will miss all of that so very much!
I'm sorry that I was such a jerk and that I never showed you how much I loved you. I remember when you told me more than once to let go and let you love me. I never listened and kept my stupid guard up. I'm sorry! I will always have our shooting stars to remind me of all our happy times. Do you want to know what my last wish was? I wished that I would never be dumb enough to let you go, but I did! I'm so sorry.
Many things have happened in the past, and so many things have changed. It doesn't matter how much time has gone by. Time could never weaken my feelings for you or make them fade away. Now we are back together to give us one more chance. Love, trust, understanding, affection, honesty, tolerance, and loyalty are all key factors for a successful relationship. Every time I think of you, my heart misses a beat. You're my theme for a dream! Every moment we share together, we grow closer. I'm waiting to see you again. I need you to hold me so tight that you fill my world with love.
Hey, Bubby, Don't you think that the time we have spent together is too long to just throw away? Please give me another chance to prove myself to you; I promise that everything will be different between us this time. Please, can we just start fresh--you know, get to know each other again? Please! You are the world to me and I would like to make it up to you if you give me another chance.
I love you with all my heart. You are the world to me,
It will always be you that brings fireworks into my life, not just on the 4th of July but every day before and after. I will always love you. Whether we are together or not, my love for you is still as strong as it was in the beginning. Maybe stronger because I am more determined than ever that we belong together. Now if I could only get you to believe it too and to stop being so afraid. I will never hurt you; I will never leave you. I love you unconditionally. I have seen both the best and the worst of you and I love you more because of that. I want to go back to where we were. I want to be even better than that. You know it's right, that's why even though we have been broken up for over a year; we still find our way back to each other every time we see one another. We can't stay away. I see your love for me in your eyes, in your smile and my love for you is reflected back at you every time I look at you.
It has taken me days to write this letter to you. Please read it with care and with the understanding that much thought went into it.
I miss the way we were. With all my heart, I wish that there was some way we could go back to the days where your eyes beheld me as the most beautiful woman you had ever seen, when your heart felt lighter in my presence, when the thought of me kept you warm on a cold night. I still think about you this way.
I know that I am the one mostly to blame for letting that light in your eyes die. I know that I messed up, that the things that I did were wrong, and I wish that there were something I could do to go back in time and change them. I know what it's like to be hurt the way that I have hurt you. It hurt me to see the pain that I caused you and not be able to do anything to make it better.
Now here we are together again, but it doesn't feel the same. I know you still care for me--and even love me--but I wonder if you are ever going to forgive me for the past? How do we get past the hurt and the unhappy memories? Is it even possible? What can I do so that you will forgive me, to let me into your heart once more? Please let me earn back your trust and feel the fullness of your love again!
I look back on all that I took for granted, and I only wish that I had appreciated it. I know that if I had it all back again, I would work harder to keep it this time. I wouldn't push it away like I did then. I would enjoy every moment I could bask in the beams of your radiant love. I want a chance to love you the right way this time, but I need you to give me a second chance. The distance between us tears at my heart. Please know, I have suffered for my sins, the greatest suffering I have ever known. I feel as though it is all my fault that I have lost you and your love. I am asking that you forgive me, please!
I remember a time when we kissed each other for the shear pleasure of it. How we loved to be next to each other--HAD to be next to each other each waking moment. We couldn't wait until you were home again, and we were holding one another in a tight embrace. I remember the way we would lie curled up together with a pillow for each other, but sharing a blanket with each other. We had all we needed to feel safe, and warm, and happy. You are still everything that I need to make my life complete.
As we were going down the road, my head was always on your shoulder as I snuggled up close to you. I smiled contentedly as you sang along with Tim McGraw on the radio. I miss you so much and all those simple, happy times we had together. I remember when we would pull over to the side of the road to look at flowers or to discover the stars on a clear, warm night as we lay in each other's arms. We couldn't resist one another in those days or the need to follow our desire to its climax.
We've decided to stay together, I'm glad of that, but what I really want is the chance to do everything right, to make our relationship stronger and better than it ever was. I want the chance to prove that I've changed, that I can be trustworthy, honest, open, giving, and understanding. I know I have a lot to do before I earn back that trust, but I'd like the chance to try. Love is what makes the difficult easy, and the impossible possible. I know I may be asking for the impossible--to be forgiven.
I long for the days when my touch affected you; made your heart race and your breathing quickened--when everything within you longed to pull me close. There was a fire in your eyes then, a hunger that I miss. Roses and candlelight may be fine for some, but romance is not what I desire, it is passion that I yearn for, passion that I feel I must have in my life--in your eyes. Time, hurt, and betrayal have erased that passion, but my desire for it is strong. I would do anything to feel desire burning through you as you take me in your arms.
I look at you now with new eyes. I have a new appreciation for the wonderful things about you that once I took for granted, and the beauty of a face that reflects both the man I love and my dearest friend. No longer can I take you for granted, you are too important to me, too precious on every level--the man I love; the one whose love I once held in my hands. If only I had treated you right then, I know that I would be holding you still.
The words of a song keep floating through my head: "If ever you're in my arms again, this time I'll love you much better. If ever you're in my arms again, this time I'll hold you forever. This time will never end." Even though you are in my arms, I know that you don't trust me with your heart yet. If ever I have the chance again, I would do everything so much better. But I'd like to know if that chance will ever come. Will you give me anything more than a reluctant reconciliation? I long for so much more. I need so much more. Maybe I have no right to hope for it, but I do.
With regrets of the past and hopes for the future, I love you,
This letter formally requests that I be reconsidered for location in the "Space Vacant" area of your heart. Until now, you had leased this property to a former occupant, who I had requested you issue with a foreclosure notice--but all in vain, resulting, instead, in my removal from the love ring, duly demolishing me in your heart and in your mind, leaving me ultimately without a home. Now, however, that the aforementioned occupant has vacated the premises, I have decided to submit a new application for reconsideration. I hope you will review the facts and accept me as the new tenant and take down the current "Place Vacant Till..." sign.
Thank you for your review and reconsideration.
I believe in my heart and soul that we were meant to be with one another. I think about you every day and night. When I am with you, you light up my life. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me, and every night I wish upon a star for you to return to me again. The love that I hold for you in my soul is greater than an ocean or wider than the sky above. Please forgive me for all the hurt that I have caused you. Please let me return our love to you the way it was meant to be. I love you, and I will until the day I die. Hopefully, when that day comes, I will still have you by my side and your angel face will be the last one that I see. I will be able to hold you in my arms one last time, and tell you how much I love you and how much you really mean to me. I love you!!
It feels like I have spent my entire life trying to find someone like you. You were my first love, my only true love. You are the one person I've loved more than anyone in the world. There is no reason to fool myself anymore. I loved you from the first moment I laid eyes on you, and I have ever since.
As I look back on our past together, I often wonder how you were ever so patient with me. Until this moment, I have never realized just how lucky I've been to have you in my life. If I had been you, I would have walked away from me a long time ago. Yet your love was so unconditional and pure, like the beautiful person you are. You always accepted me for who I am, willing to sacrifice everything for me. I don't deserve an angel like you.
It brings tears to my eyes to realize how many times I might have lost you, how much I took your love for granted, and how many times I was foolish enough to think that I could fix my life on my own. Please forgive me for all my foolishness.
I have finally opened my eyes and realized that I love you more than words can say. I don't know how many lifetimes it will take to make up for lost time or to repay the kindness and endless love you've shown me, but I want you to know that I am going to try.
All I ask is please be patient and understanding, as these times are difficult and a struggle for both of us. I am torn between survival and my feelings for you. Life throws us many curves. The path may be long and hard but, in the end, the road widens and life changes for the better.
You don't have to say anything or do anything. I just wanted you to know that no matter what happens in this life, you will always be the special love in my heart. It's true. As they say, it is better to have loved and lost, than to never have loved at all. I am happy that I knew true love, for it is from that love I have gained my most cherished memories.
From now to eternity, you'll be in my heart every moment of every day. Thinking of you makes me happy and, for as long as I live, I will never stop dreaming of the reunion of our two hearts.
Thank you for sharing your love and your life with me. Thank you for showing me true love.
Tonight I write about my love for you. I know that in the course of our five years together, we have been back and forth, and in an out, but yet, through it all, we still hold on--holding onto a dream that one day we will be happy together again, the way we were before.
I know people often dream about a love like ours; that's why I try to hold on to it. To ease my mind I need to know why do you still hold on? I cannot change the past, only work towards the future. I see in my future you and only you. You are my sunrise and sunset--my whole being of myself, living only for you. You make my rainy days seem happy and my sunny days something to look forward to as I wake each day. I know I'm not perfect and maybe I'm a little rough around the edges, but I know that I can be all you want, desire, and need in a woman.
We created a lovely baby, made completely out of love. Every day I look at her, she reminds me of the love we once held so dear. The day you packed your things and left, a part of my heart broke through the endless tears and not knowing what is to become of us. It really has me afraid that this time, the end may truly be the end.
I am thankful we keep trying, for you are the most important person in my life, and nothing will ever change that, my soul mate. I love you so deeply that even words cannot express them clearly enough.
It's fair to say that the past few weeks have been somber and gloomy for me. It has been like living in the dark, as though a big black cloud has engulfed me.
I have also felt like there has been a piece missing from my heart and, although I wasn't sure what that piece was, I now realize it was the part I gave to you. You are my missing piece.
Now, slowly, it's as though that piece is being fumbled back into place and I'm starting to see a glimmer of light, just as though someone, somewhere has turned on a light and it's starting to flicker alive.
It's hard for me to explain what the feeling is. All I can say is that when I've been with you, lately, the movie I'm watching seems better, the music I'm listening to sounds more alive, even things like doing the dishes are more fun when you're in the room.
Everything I've ever done in my life has been better, brighter, and more exciting when I've been able to share it with you.
I want you to know that the most important thing in my life is you. Nothing beats holding you in my arms, touching your hair, and smelling the scent that belongs to you alone.
I would never want you not to know the way I feel about you. I love you. I'm sure you must realize that, but for me, that is no longer enough. I want you to really know how much I love you.
But I so dearly need the comfort and the security of knowing that whenever I say, "I love you," you're going to say the same words, too. But I just wish that sometimes you would say them before I do--and make me believe you don't have to be prompted.
I've always felt so lucky that you decided to share your life with me, and there's nothing, just nothing, I wouldn't do to make you happy. I just want you to want me. Just like I want you.
There's no price you can put on love. I know you just can't make love come back to the way it was. I know it'll come back, if and when it's ready. I just want you to know that for every ounce of love you give to me, I will give it back to you a thousand times more.
I worship you and adore you and no one could ever compete with the beauty I see when you stand before me. I would never do anything to hurt you, I want only to love you and re-build our life together. I don't need anyone else but you.
If only I could have come up with the right words to describe the depth of the feelings that I have for you, I would have uttered them to you a thousand times.
You're all I've ever dreamt of, and you are the best thing that ever happened to me.
I love you more than my life, more than my world. You are my world. Life wouldn't be life if I couldn't share it with you.
Through the turmoil of almost 10 years of our life together, our love has persisted and overcome all obstacles. Both of us have weathered crises that have struck us together and apart. Until now, that is, when the true test of love and partnership will have to be made.
I still gaze into your eyes and touch your soul without a word as you do to me. I still thrill to your touch and the tender caress that is now infrequent. All the confusion is cleared away when our hearts open wide to receive the warmth of each other's love and our tenderness toward each other arouses our physical feelings. Although our spirits are now divided, yet they merge in the cosmos, and both of us still feel what the union of the lion with the scorpion can be, the intensity and fulfillment of life's dreams.
The time is now; the choice to love is ours. Look deep within your heart to find the answer. I have long waited to feel your embrace again. Please let the stars shine upon us once again.
I've loved you so much all these years, and those feelings can't and won't ever leave this heart of mine. Every time I am with you, I want to let you know that I miss you so much. You are that someone, that special person that I could never deny my love for. I have made some really messed up choices and went down the wrong roads in our past and in our relationship, but I need you to know that because of all of those choices, I have made a turn for the better. I need you in my life, my arms, my heart, and in my world.
Can you stop and think about the question I am about to ask you very hard? I am asking for the opportunity to love you with all that I am now and all that I will be in the future. I don't want to continue living my life feeling empty and lonely any more. Just the mention of your name is an instant smile, goose bumps, and a wish of us being together again. I still need you and I still would like to call you "Sexy" as well as you to call me your fantasy again.
I have been trying to reach you with no luck. I am posting this so, hopefully, one day you will find it. I don't know if that's possible, but maybe I will get lucky, and someone we know will see it and tell you about it.
The Air Force has really changed the man I once knew, but it was for the good. You have done so much for yourself, I couldn't be more proud of you.
I know that things between us went terribly wrong. I want to fix them. I am not pointing fingers or placing blame on anyone. I just want to fix them. The last night we spent together was something I have needed for so long. I wish it would have never ended. I thought seeing you again would make me nervous, but it felt as good as it always has. It felt like coming home again. It felt natural and calming.
I miss you so much. I know that you are going to Iraq soon, and I am dreading it. I am scared I will never see your sweet face again. I will be praying for your safe return. I feel as if you are so far away, even though Charleston is pretty much right down the road. I want to see you again before you go overseas, so I am praying that you will come here to see me again.
I know we are no longer a couple, but I wish we were. I have always been there for you and nothing will ever change that. I still love you more than anything in this world. I still want to be an "officer's wife" as you so eloquently put it that day. I hope that someday, this will find you. Until then, I will keep trying and hoping for the best.
There are many things in life that people wish for: cars, big houses, great jobs, yachts. All I want in my life is you and your love. We have been through storms and reached the sunlight over and over again, and right now we are back into darkness. Through the many years we've spent with each other, my love for you has continued to grow and grow. Right now, I want you to know that my love for you will never die. Let's step back into the sunshine. We have the means. I love you.
It's been so long since I've been in your arms, felt your touch, or looked into your eyes. The worst part about it all is that I only have myself to blame for it all. I'd give anything for just one last chance to be with you. I thought I was over you, but who am I kidding, I'm not. Please tell me what it would take to be close to you again, I'd do whatever you ask me to. I miss you.
I know that we haven't talked in a long time, but that doesn't mean that I don't think about you each and every day. You don't know just how much I wish that I could be lying there with you, whispering in your ear my heart's deepest desires.
I close my eyes and let my thoughts of you flow. I carry on a conversation in my mind between us, as we tell each other our hopes our dreams--if only we could do that. I picture us lying in bed, your arms around me, my head upon your chest, my fingers gently circling over your skin. My soft lips place a whisper-soft kiss on your neck. I can hear the beating of your heart getting louder and faster. In my mind, your lips capture me and hold me there in ecstasy. We look in each other's eyes, lost--no, found. I feel your hands caress me as you whisper against my ear. You make sweet, sweet love to me and wipe away any tears. A slight laugh, mixed with a cry, such beautiful feelings make me sigh. Each time you touch me feels like the first time.
As each night passes, your presence seems more real here with me, but then I open my eyes and realize it was all just another dream. Tears fall from my eyes. Pain sears through my chest. My heart is crying out for you.
I have tried so hard to fight these feelings I have, but I can't do it anymore. I know that I love you, but I didn't want to tell you because you are leaving the country for three years, and I didn't want my heart to hurt, but I can't stop feeling this way. I am so in love with you, and this feeling grows deeper and deeper each day.
We only knew each other for a couple of weeks, and you already had me completely and totally to yourself. I don't even want to think about being with anyone else. I thought that if I stopped talking to you, I would forget how I felt. I thought that if I could keep myself busy, I would be okay, but I can't forget and I'm not okay. I am so overwhelmed by my feelings for you; I am hungry to hear your voice again and to feel your touch. I can't let you go to Japan without seeing you at least one more time.
Last week, I put those pictures of you on my desk at work. People walked by and asked me if you are my husband or my boyfriend. I tell them, "Neither. He is just the man who has my whole heart." That is the best and only way that I can describe you.
I feel terrible that I didn't talk to you these last two months. So many nights I cried my eyes out, missing you so much, but too afraid to pick up the phone because it had been so long. What would I say? What would you say? I am afraid that you would tell me that you don't want to talk to me anymore. I don't think I could handle that right now.
I know that you told me that you aren't looking to rush into anything, but this has been eating away at my heart for awhile now, and I couldn't hold it in any more. This doesn't mean that I want to run off and get married or anything crazy like that. It just means that I love you, completely and totally. I am here for you whenever you need me.
I'm going to try to call you tomorrow. Hopefully you can forgive me for the pain that I have caused you. I promise I will not disappear again. I love you.
You have been the best boyfriend in the world. Any girl would be happy to be in my shoes. You have taught me so much, even if you think you know little. You said when I came into your life, I changed you, but no one can change anyone--you're the only one with the power to change yourself.
Thank you for all the material things--from Winnie the Pooh dolls to designer handbags. You shower me with gifts and get me anything I want in the world, but even though you have money now, it didn't buy my love. Love must come naturally, and it did. You bought me everything I ever wanted and more. The only thing left is an Escalade XLT, but hey, I guess that can wait, huh? Just joking!
No matter what your decision is, please keep me in your thoughts and remember that I love you. Material things are nice, but love is best. You always told me that I was the finest girl you had ever seen, so get off work early, and let's kick back together for once. I love you.
You once gave me your trust and honesty; I did what I wanted with it, including hurting you in many ways. You gave me your love and I stomped on it. Many years have past and I found my true self. And again you trusted me. Now is time for me to give you my trust and honesty.
I see you in different eyes--I see you like never before. I see a father and a husband-to-be. Will you be my husband forever and ever? I give you my heart and soul. I love you more each day I'm by your side and I thank you for giving me another chance to give you my love and to appreciate you the way I should have many years ago.
My love for you grows greater every day. I fall in love over and over again. My only thoughts are of what I can do to make you happy, to allay your fears and restore your faith in me and your love for me. The more I love you though the more I fear losing you. I have no idea the thoughts, feelings and memories that haunt you and keep you from loving me the way that I want and need you to. I only know that what ever it is that effects you so deeply must be real and profound and that only you can work through what is confusing you so. But know that I am here for you a new and changed man ready to give you everything I have in my heart and soul to help you.
What and who I always thought you were is not what or who you have become or are becoming. I only hope and pray that the journey you are on of self discovery includes me when you reach the end of that journey. The last eight weeks have been a time of self discovery for me too. I have looked inside myself to see who I am, what I want and what kind of future that I want ... I am my wife's husband, a man who adores and worships her, a man who loves her unconditionally, who respects her and only wants the best from himself for her and only wants the best that life has to offer for her. I am a man who thinks his wife is the most beautiful, sexy and desirable women and a man who wants no other women other than his wife. I am the father of her children, a man who conceived his children with love with their mother and wants to raise them with the love and by the side of their mother. I am a father who wants to teach his sons what he has learned about respect, love, honor and above all else appreciation of and for a women that they will love. I am a father whose wife and children are the most important things in his life and will never do anything to jeopardize that. What this man wants is a family that enjoys doing things together, finds joy with each other and learns from each other. I am a man who wants a wife who feels the same way and looks at me adoringly and who I can arouse the same passion for me in her as she does for me. I am a man who wants to work hand in hand and heart to heart with his wife to have a future where each day is better than the day before. I am a man who wants to know his wife's interests, fears, passions, wants needs and desires so I may help her realize them or support her in her pursuit of them.
That is who I am and what I want--no money, no big house, no cool job, just those things. These are what truly matter to me now.
I know you have been disappointed by so many, taken advantage of by people you trusted. I know you have been belittled and minimized. I know you have been what others have wanted you to be and that you lost yourself even before you even knew who you were. I am so sorry that those things happened to you and I regret and accept my part in some of those things. But I will spend the rest of my life making up to you for that transgression.
Baby, so much of what happens in life is pure chance, had I not gone into Chili's that night there would be no sweet natured, polite boy Tyler, there would be no stubborn strong willed, aggressive little boy Logan and Jonathan may or may not have had the benefit of a father. Your life and mine would be drastically different--maybe better, maybe worse. Think back to all the major things in your life, the drastic changes good and bad. If you follow them back to the source they were mostly pure chance that takes us down those paths. From the people we meet, the jobs that we take to the traffic light that holds us an extra five minutes and changes our day completely ... all chance, all luck.
But the decision that you will make regarding us is free will--not chance, not luck but a thought out decision that will have profound effects and changes on so many lives. We, going our separate ways, might work out for the better but it is still an unknown thought. I can't say what is best for you. I can only say what is best for the boys, you and me as a couple and all of us as a family. If we weather this together there is nothing that can ever break us apart. We will be so far down the road, more mature, more secure and more in love than ever before.
I want you to know that the Ron you fell in love with is still here inside of me but there is more, there is a mature man here now--a man who truly understands what love means, a man who now understands what honoring a woman he loves requires. A man who will spend his life showing and proving his love every day and a man who will put your happiness above his own because he loves you so much.
Your disappointment and fears that you feel resonate in me, I feel them and I hurt for you: for the hurt, uncertainty and fear that you are living with. It also scares me to think that the love I feel and the effort I am applying to prove my love and desire for you may not be enough to sooth and calm your hurt, fears and disappointments. If you let yourself, I believe you can find a life that satisfies you right here. I believe if you let go and let me in to your heart, that your desires and passions for me can be rekindled. I know that I love you enough to let you grow and blossom into the person you want to find and become. I believe that we can be closer than ever, learn more about each other and become one with each other. In other words I believe in us.
You only know the pain, hurt and neglect of this relationship. Your basis for comparison to what you imagine could be is skewed by the bad memories of the past. If you let me in, let me prove to you that my change and feelings are profound and real I believe we can make it through. The ember of love that is glowing that is keeping this relationship together can be fanned to roaring flame of passion and love.
For better for worse, in sickness and in health till death do us part, I believe in that, I am committed to that. I will honor it gladly, happily with love and passion. You are what I want--what I need. In my eyes the sun rises and sets with you, you color my world and bring joy to me. You can be what you need to be. Become who you are seeking to become or are destined to become. You are so much more than I ever gave you credit for. You are truly an exceptional and gifted woman who is capable of doing anything and I will never ever think anything less of you. I will always believe, respect and support you in anything you do. I will respect all your talent and skills, I will never disrespect you or think you not capable of anything because you have proved that you are an individual; whole person. A person with thoughts, feelings and opinions that have value and deserve honor and respect. You are a person that I will proud to call my wife, my lover and my friend. What I did not give in the past will flow freely from my heart to you now.
You are my world, I am lost without you, I am a rudderless ship floating on stormy seas without you in my life. I love you so, so very much. My desire and lust for you burns hotter than the fire of the sun. When I look at you I see so much beauty, natural beauty and sensuality. For me, that will never change--I promise. If you let me and teach me, I will be the lover that you deserve. I receive so much pleasure and satisfaction when I see you smile or when you're happy and I know I had something to do with that happiness. I will spend the rest of my life as the happiest man on earth--simply by making you happy. I love you always and forever.
I wish I could go back in time to our relationship, back before hurt found its way into our hearts. If only I could slip back into those moments, I would have been more honest with myself and more attentive to what my heart was telling me. I would have held you a little longer and never, ever hurt you, but time will not allow me to go back and change any of my mistakes.
I can't take away the questions that flood you, but I can try to answer them. I can't erase the pain that fills your heart, but I can try to ease it. I know that I can't just jump back into your life and expect everything to remain the same, nor can I expect you to still have the same feelings for me. A lot of time has passed, and just because I feel as though I am ready to have you in my life again, it may now be different for you. I know I can't have things fall into place whenever I am ready for them; destiny has no patience and holds back for no one. I might have lost my chances with you because of my ignorance and my fear of falling in love, but I can't ignore this gut feeling in my heart like I once did before.
I want us to work things out, and though it might not be possible, if you're willing, I want to try. I am no longer frightened as I was before, and when I was with you, I should have realized from the beginning that I never had any reason to worry about anything.
I miss you. If for whatever reason, things don't work out between us, or if you choose to remain just a friend, that's perfectly fine. I will take it as fate passed me by and that we just weren't meant to be together. Whatever the outcome might be, please know that I am still so grateful to once have had you a part of my life.
Without you I am lost. I close my eyes and all I see is your disappointed face looking down at me. I find myself laying there for hours, unable to sleep. I wonder if the day will ever come when you will forgive me and be here to hold me. Whenever I get a chance to steal just a moment with you, I feel so alive again. You make me think I can hold on to another day of hope, with dreams of us being together one day soon. It will not come soon enough for me, but I will hold onto those dreams with all my heart because I believe at the end of every storm there will be a rainbow. Please wait for this storm to pass so we can have our rainbow for the rest of our lives.
My heart belongs to you always.
I just want to let you know that you are in my heart and in soul. I never want to lose the love we have. You are my life and I never meant to hurt you the way I did. I wish I could go back in time and change what I did, but I can't. The only thing I can do is make things better for us--and make you happier than ever. I wish you only knew how much I love you. I don't know what I would do if I had never met you. You have brought me so much happiness. I don't want that to ever disappear.
I know that you love me and that you do want to trust me again. I am trying everything I can to show you that you can trust me again. I don't want to ever lose you. I want us to raise our child who is soon to be born--together. I don't want to do it alone.
I really miss you and I need you back. My heart is not whole now that you are not here. Please come home so we can start all over and make everything better than it was. I swear that I will never hurt you again. I promise. I don't want to lose you for anything. Baby, I am waiting for you, please come back soon. I love you with all my heart and soul.
I want the world to know that there is no one out there more precious than you. You really have completed my life by giving me a second chance. Now I don't have to ever wonder if you are getting mistreated by nasty girlfriends because I'm now comforted to know that I am the only one who will take care of your every need from here on out.
My life has changed drastically with your presence. I long to have children of our own, and I know that you will be a wonderful father. I love you more than I ever have before. Your love is heaven for me. I need nothing else in the world as long as I have your love. You have shown in so many ways how you feel towards me. I am honored to be spending Valentine's Day with you, especially since we have missed the last eight years together. Thank you for giving me a piece of heaven. My dream has come true and I thank you for all these wonderful gifts. You are the best, and I will continue to give you all my love.
