Some of our most superb feelings and warm emotions come from our love. Our world, as we have come to see it, has no boundary when our lips lock together. No one can ever sever our bond of pure affection and intimate passion. We are the angels of our own personal heaven, where we have created our own language, too. It's no longer necessary for us to speak a language of words, for true love is clearly written in our eyes.
It appears that you and I have fallen in love, without even having made an effort. This is our true heaven on earth, and we are the angels who dwell upon it. I love you, my Angel.
It's been over a year and somehow we've made it this far. No matter how much I screwed up, you were determined to keep our love alive. I'll never be able to thank you enough for that. Did you know that you are the reason I live, breathe, and laugh? You mean everything to me.
Sometimes you ask me why I love you and I don't answer. I know you must wonder if it is because I don't love you, or that I just can't think of a reason why I love you, but that's not true. It's just that when you ask me, I don't know where to start. Our love was meant to be. There's no arguing with the destiny that brought us together.
I can't really find the words to explain the way I feel when I hear your voice or when I see your face. All I can say is that I love the feeling that I feel. Writing this is my way of telling you how much I truly love you.
It's the end of the day and I'm thinking about you, as usual. I want you to know how much I sincerely love the times we've spent talking together. It means so much to me. It truly seems like I've known you forever, and I honestly can't imagine life without you. There will be no looking back, no second thoughts, and no regrets. I want you and need only you, and my love will only grow stronger, day after day.
Sometimes life hits you with unexpected things that take you totally by surprise. All I can say is, you're the best surprise life has ever given me. Your capacity for loving, caring, and understanding never ceases to amaze me. I've truly been blessed to find you and I'll never let you go, even if I have to personally bring you back here.
Hey, Honey. I miss you. I'm sitting here thinking about you like I always do. I hope you're missing me too. Sunday is almost here again. The thought of you in my arms right now sounds so good to me. I just want you to know how much I love you.
I've missed you every second of my life that we're apart. I knew that I found someone special when I met you. I always think about how sweet you are and how every time my phone rings and I hear your sweet voice on the other end, I smile. I'm happy every moment we're together or when a phone call connects us.
At times I can't find the words to say what I mean, so writing it down when I think about it helps me to get my point across. All I know is that you are someone I want to spend time with and have fun with, someone I want to get to know better.
I don't know quite what it is about you that is so special, but I hope in some way I make you feel it too. Being in a new relationship is always a little awkward to me at first. I guess I am a little shy and lack self-confidence. Since meeting you, though, I find myself smiling more often. I actually feel more cheerful first thing in the morning, which is a new thing for me.
I love to talk with you. You come to the point quickly, but you're funny, too. We don't always agree on things, but that's what keeps it interesting.
Anyway, I just felt like letting you know that I am thinking of you.
I am thinking about you every second of every day and cannot wait until I see you again. We should never be apart this long again. I miss your kisses and your touch. I miss you so much. I hope that I can see you soon, but until I do, I will keep you in my dreams and in my heart. Remember that I love you, and that I always will. We are lucky because we found each other a second time, and we are able to love each other more than we ever had before. I am waiting to see you again. It's only been a little over a week, but now I know that I cannot be away from you for long. I love you with all my heart.
I miss you so much and cannot wait until we are together again. I know you are doing what you want and that it is important to you, so I support you in every way. I hope you also know that I will be waiting for you here with open arms and a faithful heart.
You are my only love, and I pray that God in Heaven will protect you and bring you back to me soon.
I was sleeping, yet my hand was searching for you, but you were not next to me. I turned my head and opened my eyes slightly to see you playing with your new computer, and I just smiled. As time went by, that would be so typical of me to do. I didn't know that you saw me sneaking glimpses of you. I turned my head to the other side and fell right back to sleep. Within minutes, I felt you beside me, only the terry cotton of your robe between us. I cuddled right up to you, like a puppy against his mother. I still wake up at times thinking of our first morning together when I smiled and you saw me and read my mind.
How would I know that you were watching me sleep? I awoke to see you lying there and, just then, you smiled and said, "Hi," and that just melted me. I hope with all my heart that I can wake to your beautiful eyes for the rest of my life. I hated to leave, but as I have told you before, I leave a big part of me with you whenever I go. It is yours now, so take care of it and tread lightly.
I wish that I could be with you while you face so many struggles today, but please know that I am there in spirit and am praying for everything to work out for you. No matter where this life takes us, if we're together or not, know that you will always be in my heart and be my only love.
It's the middle of the day and I am thinking about you, as usual. I want you to know how much I sincerely love the countless hours we spend talking. It means so much to me. It truly seems like I've known you forever, and I honestly can't imagine life without you. There will be no looking back, no second thoughts, and no regrets. I love you and only you, and that love will only grow stronger.
Sometimes life hits you with unexpected things that take you totally by surprise. All I can say is that you're the best surprise life has ever given me, and your capacity for love, caring, and understanding never ceases to amaze me. I've truly been blessed by finding you and I'll never let you go.
Hey, Beautiful! I just wanted to say, "I love you" and put that smile I love so much back on your face. I want everyone to know how much you mean to me. Ever since you entered my life, I've been floating on Cloud Nine and have not come down yet!
You are the most beautiful person I know, inside and out, and I see that more clearly with each passing day. I love everything about you and about us. You do something to me that no one else can. You have made me so happy, the happiest I've ever been. You give me the most amazing feelings of being in love with you.
I still don't know what I did to be so lucky to have you in my life. Our relationship is a dream come true. I am so thankful I met you. In this short time we've been together we have grown so much, and I can't wait to see what more the future holds in store for us. I love you with all my heart and soul, always and forever!
I know we don't get to talk or to see each other much anymore. But being apart from you for awhile doesn't change the way I feel about you. Sure, I'm lonely, and sometimes I'm overwhelmed. But, just remember that I love you and everything about you. That's what gets me through every long day.
Sweetheart, you don't know what I would give to feel your touch once more, to kiss your lips, or even just to see you again. I never loved anyone as much as I love you. You make me feel loved. You make me feel secure. More importantly, you make me feel wanted. We both knew our friendship would grow from the very first day. Neither one of us could begin to imagine the love we would both feel now. You are my soul mate, my best friend, my inspiration, and my true love.
Gaining your love has been the best thing that has ever happened to me. I know that I love you and always will.
I want to thank for having so much faith in me and in us as a couple. Thank you for making me a better person, and for giving your heart to me, and for opening up to me.
The last six months have been wonderful. I never expected to feel this way. You are wonderful and my friends think so too, and so does my family. You make me really happy and, even though we are apart so much of the time, I love when we come together.
I get butterflies in my stomach at the very thought of seeing you again. You make everything complete, and I can't imagine having these feelings for anyone else. I'm anxious to see you again. Time is ticking, and it's going by really slowly without you.
You say that you are going to make me a happy woman. Well, I want you to know that you have already made me happy just by being you, by showing me love, and by being so open with your feelings. You are what I dreamed of when I was a little girl--someone with integrity, honesty, good looks, and a caring personality. I never thought I would find you, but here you are.
I love you so much, and can't wait to be with you again. I want to give you my heart and soul. I don't care about anything else in the world because I am only in love with you. Thank you for making all of my dreams come true. I could not ask for anything more. I am the luckiest girl in the world to be called your girlfriend. I'm truly honored. Thank you. I love you.
You are the most intelligent, handsome man I have ever met and I have been so blessed to have you in my life. We have had our share of drama, I know, but you will always mean the world to me.
I can't wait until I have the chance to hold you in my arms again. You're the most wonderful man in the world. I know I sometimes frustrate you but I long for nothing else than to keep you happy. You're always in my thoughts and in my heart.
